

    On the Wiki
        Wiki Activity
        Random page
        Videos
        Photos
        Forum
    Characters
    Episodes
    Season Four
    Season Five?

Contribute
Share
Watchlist   Random page Recent changes
Transcript of Top Banana
Edit
730pages on
this wiki

Fire Sale Audition, Tobias Funke

Transcript of "Top Banana"
Written by: Mitchell Hurwitz & John Levenstein


Season One, Episode Two

Starring:
Jason Bateman as Michael Bluth
Portia de Rossi as Lindsay Bluth Fünke
Will Arnett as G.O.B.
Michael Cera as George Michael Bluth
Alia Shawkat as Maeby Fünke
Tony Hale as Buster Bluth
David Cross as Tobias Fünke
Jeffrey Tambor as George Bluth
Jessica Walter as Lucille Bluth
Ron Howard as Narrator

Guest Starring:
Patrice O'Neal as T-Bone
Lillian Hurst as Luz
Scott Atkinson as Roger Danish
John Beard as Himself
Kendall Clement as Fireman
Monika Jolly as Waiter
Clayon Staggs as Clerk
Michael Bartel as Young Michael
Icon-image
Images  Icon-summary
Summary     Icon-quote
Transcript  Icon-video
Videos
Contents
 [show] 

The following is the transcript of the Season One episode "Top Banana". Memorable quotes are highlighted below.

"Top Banana" was written by Mitchell Hurwitz & John Levenstein.
Act 1

John Beard: Another setback for the once prominent Bluth family as their frozen banana stand, a Newport Beach landmark, burns to the ground. A delicious whodunit... after this.

Narrator: A week before the fire, Michael Bluth was trying to save the Bluth Company, but his father was making it difficult.

Michael: I need the flight records, Dad. I’m trying to find some money for the family.

George: There’s always money in the banana stand.  

George: I am having a love affair with this ice cream sandwich.  

George: You want some? Take a bite.

Michael: Please, please... The SEC has locked up our funds. These guys aren’t messing around.

Guard: No touching!  

Michael: So, I need you to tell me. Were you taking vacations in the jet? Is that what you’re hiding from me?

George: I haven’t had a vacation in years. This is my vacation. I’m exercising, I’m sleeping well.

Michael: You’re doing time.

George: I’m doing the time of my life.  

T-Bone: What’s up, pumpkin?

George: Hey! T-Bone. T-Bone’s my roommate.

George: (Sotto voce.) He’s a flamer.

George: T’s checking out today.

T-Bone: Yeah.

Michael: Well, guess every vacation’s got to come to an end.

George: Just made a fool of yourself in front of T-Bone.  

George: Anyway, I want you to give him a job at the company. Sales.

Michael: I’m not going to do that.

George: Why not?

Michael: Well, because...

George: Because he’s a flamer? Because I told you that in confidence.

Michael: You don’t seem to understand that I’m running this company now, Dad, and I need the flight records, and I’m going to get them with or without your help.

Guard: No touching!

George: I got something we can try, all right? It’s a little risky.

Michael: Please.

George: Open up.

Michael: What do you mean about...?
Scene

Narrator: While George Sr. was losing a roommate, George Michael was having a hard time adjusting to his new one.

Maeby: Get up! Get up! Get up! Get up!

George Michael: I’m up!

Tobias: Okay, we are just about ass-to-ankles back here, Maeby. Do you want to hop on your cousin’s lap there, please?  

Michael: Whoa, bumpy road ahead.

Maeby: (Singing in shower.) Got nothing on the love now...

Narrator: So, he addressed his problem head-on.

George Michael: Dad, I want to work more hours at the banana stand.

Michael: Wow. Well, that’s great. You know, I used to be just like you when I was a kid. I used to love it there.

    Flashback 

George: It’s going to be our best summer ever, Mikey!

    End Flashback 

Michael: Well, I’ll tell you what. I’m going to give you a promotion. Welcome aboard, Mr. Manager.

George Michael: Wow. I’m Mr. Manager.

Michael: Well, manager; we just say manager.  

Michael: And you can hire an employee if you need one.

George Michael: Do you think I need one?

Michael: Don’t look at me, Mr. Manager.

George Michael: Right, it’s up to me now. I’m Mr. Manager.

Michael: Manager. We-we just say, uh...

George Michael: I know, but you...

Michael: Doesn’t matter who.

Bag labeled, “Dead dove. Do not eat.”

Michael: I don’t know what I expected.

Michael: What’s going on? This is exactly where the two of you were when I left this morning. Is nobody going to even try to get a job?

Lindsay: I have a job, Michael. It’s called supporting my husband.

Michael: You certainly haven’t been shopping. The only thing I found in the freezer was a dead dove in a bag.

G.O.B.: You didn’t eat that, did you? ‘Cause I’ve only got a couple days left to return it. It died right in the middle of a show.

    Flashback 

Clerk: Do you want a cage for that?

G.O.B.: No, I’m a magician.

Dove cooing. Thud, bell rings, then cooing stops.

G.O.B.: What is your return policy, by the way?

    End Flashback 

Lindsay: Not that I have to defend myself, but for your information, I did go shopping.

Michael: You spent $68 on hair conditioner?

Lindsay: Small price to pay for self-esteem, Michael. Or are you still jealous that you lost “best hair” to me in high school and got “dorkiest”?  

    Cutaway 

Yearbook: Lindsay’s yearbook picture shows she won for “Best hair.” Michael’s yearbook picture shows he won for “Most likely to succeed.”

Narrator: Lindsay’s achievements in high school had always overshadowed Michael’s.

    End Cutaway 

Tobias: I agree with Michael; it’s important not to tie your self-esteem to how you look or what people think of you. I mean, look at me— I’m an actor. An actor, for crying out loud. You know how much rejection I face every day? But in this business of show, you have to have the heart of an angel and the hide... of an elephant.

Lindsay: But, you’ve never actually had an audition.

Tobias: Well... excuse me! Excuse me.

Michael: Some really great spousal support.

Michael: You know something, Lindsay, you might want to start thinking about the example you’re setting for your daughter, unless you want her to end up just like you.

Maeby: Yeah, shoot me when that happens.

Michael: Is there a carbon monoxide leak in this house?

Michael: George Michael, you’re taking your cousin to work today. That’s your new employee. I do not want my niece to end up just like everyone in this family.

Lindsay: You’re not telling my daughter what to do. She’s a child.

Maeby: No, I’m not. I can work.

George Michael: Uh, I-I don’t know about this. You know, it can get pretty hairy in there.

Lindsay: Fine. Do what you want. If I know my daughter, that stand won’t be there in a week.

Michael: You stay on top of her, buddy. Do not be afraid to ride her. Hard.  
Act 2

Narrator: George Michael’s attempt to distance himself from his cousin proved... unsuccessful.

George Michael: I can’t tell you how many health codes you’re violating right now.

Maeby: I can’t believe I volunteered for this. This is my stupidest rebellion ever. Hey, you want to go play skee-ball?

George Michael: Well, this is the cash drawer. My dad’s going to come by at the end of the weekend, and the number of bananas has to match the amount of money in here.

Maeby: Oh, so it all has to even out?

George Michael: Exactly.

Maeby: Easy. Banana... Buck. Banana... Take a buck.  
Scene

Narrator: And Michael went to his mother for the flight records his father wouldn’t give him.

Lucille: Then why don’t you marry an ice cream sandwich? I’ve got to go.  

Michael: Who was that? Was that Dad?

Lucille: That was G.O.B.

Michael: Uh-huh.

Michael: So, Mom, I’m trying to find...

Lucille: I don’t know where they are.

Michael: ...these flight records. You know, it’s really more believable if you let me finish.

Michael: Why am I the only one that seems to get how much trouble this family is in?

Lucille: Oh, I get it, Michael, I get it. But how should I know where the records are kept? Your father’s in charge of all that.

Michael: No, I’m in charge of all of that, and I think that you do know where they are.

Lucille: Oh, it’s probably all in a storage unit somewhere.

Michael: Where’s the storage unit?

Lucille: I don’t remember.

Michael: Try.

Lucille: Something-dale. I don’t know— Brookfeather, Raintree. It’s hot. It was very hot there. I’ve never been... get a warrant.

Michael: Don’t think I won’t. Mother, Mother, I care about this family.

Lucille: And I do too, my darling. That’s why I’m worried about G.O.B...

Lucille: I was on the phone with him this morning.

Michael: You mean just now, right? When I came in?

Lucille: Yes, just now, when you came in.

Lucille: And he’s upset, he’s very upset. You haven’t included him in the business at all. He’s your older brother. You could find a little job for him.

Lucille: Make him feel special.

Michael: But he’s not special, Mother.

Lucille: No. But he loves you. We all love you.

Michael: Where’s the storage unit?

Lucille: It’s with your warrant.

Luz: Laughing.

Lucille: Luz, that coat cost more than your house! Oh, that’s how we joke. She doesn’t even have a house.  
Scene

Narrator: The next day, Tobias looked for work.

Tobias: Hmm— Actor Pull. Oh, look at all these parts!

Michael: Tobias. Nice to see you off the couch.

Tobias: I was looking for work, and... I blew it, Michael.

Rueful chuckle.

Michael: Yeah, I guess you’ve already seen that.

Tobias: Yes, I have, but... Oh, right, this one. Yeah, I... I’ll call them again, I guess. I give them... one more shot.

Narrator: And that’s when Michael figured out how to get his mother to lead him to the storage unit where the flight records were kept.

Phone ringing.

Lucille: Hello?

Michael: Yeah, hey, Mom, it’s Michael. Listen, before I forget, I talked to the IRS, and they want to come by your apartment today to see if you charged any big ticket stuff to the company. Furs, or... I don’t know. Just a heads up. Oh, that poor woman.
Scene

Narrator: So, Michael followed Luz who had been sent to hide the evidence. Meanwhile, Tobias had arranged an audition for a local commercial. Lindsay came along to appear supportive.

Tobias: This could take awhile.

Lindsay: Honey, it’s one line.

Tobias: Not if I do my job right.

Tobias: First of all, I love it. Quick question, though. Am I panicked about the fire, or am I being brave for everyone else?

Roger Danish: The fire? It’s, it’s a fire sale.  

Tobias: (Chuckling.) Oh... Okay. I didn’t, um... Well, let’s give it a shot.

Deep breath.

Tobias: Oh, my God, we’re having a fire. Sale. Oh, the burning! It burns me! Evacuate all the schoolchildren! (Screaming. Singing “Amazing Grace.”) This isn’t a fever! (Continues singing.) Can’t even see where the knob is! (Dramatic sigh.) And scene.  

Roger Danish: Um... would you like to try that a little simpler... maybe?

Tobias: No.

Roger Danish: Okay, anybody else? Anyone? Lindsay Bluth?

Tobias: It’s Fünke.

Lindsay: Roger Danish.

Roger Danish: Look at you. I can’t believe it’s Lindsay Bluth.

Lindsay: Oh...!

Tobias: Fünke.

Lindsay: Roger was my male counterpart in high school. Remember how crazy our hair was back then?

Laughing.

Roger Danish: What were we thinking?

Lindsay: So, what are you doing now?

Tobias: He’s, uh, casting my commercial.

Roger Danish: Yeah, trying to. The South Coast Boutique is having a fire sale.

Lindsay: South Coast Boutique? They’re having a fire sale?!
Scene

Narrator: Meanwhile, Michael was still following his mother’s housekeeper. And she did finally lead him to the storage unit. Unfortunately, it was on fire.

Fireman: Somebody wanted this place to go.

Michael: Yeah? What do you mean, arson?

Fireman: Oh, definitely the work of a flamer.
Act 3

Lindsay: It shoots tomorrow, and are you ready for this? It pays 1,000 bucks!

Michael: I thought that was Tobias’ part.

Tobias: Yeah, no, no, I did not book this one. I, uh... think I made the fire too real, uh, for them, and, uh, and probably failed to highlight the sale, so, good for her, and, uh... will you excuse me, please?  

Laughing/crying.

Michael: Well, listen, that’s great, Lindsay. But, I’ve got my own problems. The flight records, they’ve burned up, okay? That’s fine. That’s over with. But I think Dad is behind it. I think Dad is trying to run the business from prison.

Lindsay: Well, isn’t that ironic? I’m making a fortune at my new job, and you don’t even have the job you thought you did.

Michael: But, but you don’t have a job. You’ve got a job offer. Anybody can get a job offer.

Tobias crying in shower.

Michael: So, I’m going to go see Dad, because this is my business to run now.

G.O.B.: Your business?

Michael: Hey, there you are, G.O.B.! I have been looking all over for you. I could really use some help.

G.O.B.: Well, I was going to return this dove. What? You want me to run a meeting for you or something?

Michael: Or, even better, could you mail this letter for me?

G.O.B.: You can’t just give that to a mailman?

Michael: I can’t trust a mailman with this. This is important.

Narrator: G.O.B. was intrigued. He also suspected he couldn’t return a completely frozen dove to a pet store and get the full refund he felt he was entitled to.  

G.O.B.: I’ll mail that letter.
Scene

Narrator: Michael then went to confront his father.

Michael: You’re not going to keep running this company from in here, okay? That’s why you wanted me to give T-Bone a job, to pay him back for burning down the storage unit?

George: Michael, that’s ridiculous.

Michael: Yeah, well, I’m not hiring him. No, we don’t have the money, Pop.

George: There’s always money in the banana stand.

Michael: The banana stand... you know, that’s exactly what this feels like. Huh? Like I’m still stuck in that hot booth all summer with you pulling the strings.

George: What was I going to do? Put a kid in charge of a frozen banana stand?

Michael: Sure, that’s what I did. I just made my son the manager.

George: George Michael is running the frozen banana stand now?

Michael: Yeah, that’s right, yeah. You sit with that, you think about that for a while.

Narrator: George, Sr. did think about that.
Scene
George Michael: Actually, uh... I can’t really go today.

Michael: How’s that?

George Michael: My-my bike needs a tune-up or something.

Michael: Let’s not blame the bike. Okay? It’s a poor carpenter that blames his shoddy tools for the... Ow! (bleep) Oh! Stupid...

George Michael: You okay?

Michael: ... cornballing piece of (bleep).  

George Michael: So, I’m going to go, okay?

Michael: Yeah, yeah, that’s fine. It’s good, it’s okay.

Lindsay: Getting too old for his daddy?

Michael: No. He’ll be fine. And I would buy him a faster bike if we weren’t trying to save every... Did you go shopping?

Lindsay: Oh, yeah, don’t worry about it. I paid for it myself.

Michael: With what?

Lindsay: Company credit card.

Michael: You’re returning that.

Lindsay: But...

Michael: Get a job.

George Michael: Michael. Hey, the Cornballer. I thought these were only legal in Mexico.

    Cutaway 

Narrator: In fact, the Cornballer wasn’t legal anywhere, but George Sr. continued to market it there successfully.

Dubbed voice: ¡Muy delicioso!

Richard Simmons: ¡Es verdad!

Dubbed voice: ¡Soy loco por los Cornballs!

    End Cutaway 

 

Michael: Where’d you come from?

G.O.B.: I had another big fight with Marta.

Narrator: G.O.B. had been having an on-again, off-again relationship with Marta, a Spanish-language soap opera star.

G.O.B.: It looks like I’m going to be staying here for a while.

Michael: No, it doesn’t. It doesn’t look like that. I’ve got a full house here, G.O.B.

Lindsay: He’s just in a bad mood, G.O.B., because his son feels suffocated by him.

Michael: Suffocated? Really?

Lindsay: Yes, Michael, he’s a teenager. He’s probably got a little girlfriend, and... well, let’s face it, you are overbearing.

Michael: Oh, maybe I should be a little bit more like you when it comes to parenting, huh? No borders, no limits, “Go ahead, touch the Cornballer, you know best.”

Tobias: Michael, if I could, uh, stick my pretty little nose in here for one second. When I was a psychiatrist— and this is before I became an actor...

Lindsay: You’re still not an actor.

Tobias: (Chuckles.) Lovely. ...I saw a lot of this type of behavior, and I think what you’re experiencing is your son’s very normal need to distance himself from his overbearing father. Am I touching something? (Gasps.) Hot. Hot, hot. Hot.

Michael: Be careful.

Tobias: (Quietly.) Hot, hot, hot...

Michael: You all right?

Tobias: Hi-yat. Now, take my daughter, for example. She lives her life, and... I get the pleasure of guessing what that might entail. Now... watch this— Maeby! Where are you off to on this glorious Sunday afternoon? She won’t tell me.

Maeby: I’m going to audition for a play.

Tobias: Well, that time it didn’t work.

Tobias: What-what play?

Maeby: It’s for high school. You can’t audition.

Tobias: I was totally wrong. She’s reaching out to her actor daddy.

Tobias: Does anyone have an ice pack?
Scene

Narrator: In truth, Maeby was reaching out to a boy named Steve Holt, who was auditioning for the lead in the school play.

Steve Holt: I would kiss before I spoke...

Narrator: Maeby decided to audition as well, looking for a chance to get closer to Steve.

Maeby: ...occasion to kiss... And then we actually get to kiss, right?

Narrator: George Michael also chose to audition, looking for a chance to get closer to his cousin Maeby.

George Michael: I would kiss before I spoke... And then there’s a kiss, right?

Voices: Louder!

George Michael: (Loudly.) And then there’s a kiss, right?  

Narrator: And later, the cast list was posted.

Steve Holt: Steve Holt!  

Maeby: Steve Holt!

George Michael: Stand-in for... Steve Holt?

Steve Holt: Steve Holt!
Scene

Narrator: Michael went to get his son a new bike to keep him from slipping away, while Michael’s mother was giving up hope that her son Buster would ever leave her side.

Lucille: Zip me up.

Narrator: Usually at this time of year, Buster would return to his postgraduate studies but without the resources to afford it his summer vacation was extending into the fall and Lucille was beginning to resent it.

Buster: Mom! Mom!

Phone rings

Lucille: What?

Lindsay: Hi, Mama. It’s Linds.

Lucille: It’ll fly out on its own! Why are you calling me? What do you need?

Lindsay: Oh, very nice, Mom. I don’t need anything. My daughter needs some new school clothes.

Lucille: Buster!

Buster: It’s a bird!

Lucille: I know it’s a bird. I’m on the phone!

Buster: It walked on my pillow!  

Lucille: Look, I have a child that costs me money, too, you know. Why can’t you get a job?

Lindsay: What is it with this family and working? Michael just gave me the exact same lecture in front of everybody.

Lucille: Everybody?

Lucille: Who-who’s ev... Who’s everybody?

Lindsay: You know, the kids, G.O.B., Tobias— everybody.

Lucille: He didn’t invite Buster. Buster’s his brother, too. What’s wrong with Buster?

Narrator: And even as she asked the question, Lucille realized that perhaps it was time to let her own baby bird fly away.
Scene

Michael: Why do I have to take him?

Lucille: Because he’s your brother, and you run around with everyone else, going on bike rides, making cornholes. Everyone’s laughing and riding and cornholing except Buster. And I know he’s not the sharpest knife in the drawer, but he’s sensitive, Michael, and you could pretend to be interested in him.  

Michael: Fine, he can hang out, but he’s going to work, okay? This is not going to be a day at the beach.

Buster: Th-That’s cool, that’s cool. Mom-Mom packed me a change of clothes.
Scene

Narrator: So, Buster stayed, and Michael made him build the new bike.

Michael: It’s in that big box in my office.

G.O.B.: Hey. Michael.

Michael: G.O.B., what are you doing here, and why are you in a bathrobe?

G.O.B.: What’s he doing here? Why is he in his bathing suit?

Buster: Mom dropped me off to spend time with Michael.

G.O.B.: Spend time with Michael or to serve her own menopausal needs?

Michael: She’s always got to wedge herself in the middle of us so that she can control everything.

Buster: (Chuckles.) Yeah. Mom’s awesome. Maybe we should call her.  

Michael: So, why are you in your robe?

G.O.B.: I camped out in the boardroom last night. What with you kicking me out of your house, there are few places left that you have that I can stay.

Michael: Mm. Well, you can’t stay here, either.

G.O.B.: Let me ask you something. Is this a business decision, or is it personal? ’Cause if it’s business, I’ll go away happily. But if it’s personal, I’ll go away, but I won’t be happy.

Michael: It’s personal.

Buster: I am so sorry.
Act

Narrator: Michael’s son, meanwhile, was waiting with his cousin for their first rehearsal.

Maeby: I’m surprised you tried out for this.

George Michael: Yeah, I just love the theater.

Maeby: That’s great. I’m just doing it to kiss Steve Holt.

George Michael: I actually think I’m going to quit. Yeah, theater’s dead.

Maeby: But... he’s always going to be at football practice, so I’m going to have to kiss the stand-in.

George Michael: But no... no. I love the theater, and I gave my word, so I’m back in.

Narrator: Tobias, meanwhile, stopped by the school.

Tobias: (Whispers.) I know why you’re doing this.

Maeby: Dad! What are you doing here? Go away.

Tobias: Yes, because the director might be here soon, right? Oops, too late. He’s already here. Hello, everyone, and welcome to the theater. I am Dr. Tobias Fünke, and I will be your new... director.  

Maeby: Oh... my God.

    Flashback 

Narrator: Tobias had gotten the directing job by meeting with the school principal.

Tobias: And you tell me you’ve got some P.E. teacher directing? That just makes me want to puke all over your head, sir. Give me a chance to tell the Bard’s tale, and I give you my word on humble knee, whence you shall not say it wasn’t e’er to be.

Administrator: Jerry, you cool with this?

Coach Jerry: Sure, let the little fruit do it.

Tobias: Huzzah!  

    End Flashback 

Scene

Narrator: As the days went by, Buster’s apprenticeship was proving more trying than Michael had anticipated.

Michael: We’re excited. We want your business.

Buster yawns

Michael: And, uh, everybody at the Bluth Company is committed...

Buster: Here I go again.

Buster yawns again.
Scene

Narrator: And just when he could take no more...

Michael: ...and we’re back on track, and we’re focused, and... Buster! You can’t do that in the snack room, pal?

Buster: Mom told me to stay away from microwaves.  

Buster: And besides, this is going to be the most bitchin’ly fast bike in all of Orange County.

Michael: Really?

Buster: Your son is gonna love it.

Michael: Well, I guess 3:40 is as good a time as any to call it a day.
Scene

Narrator: So, Michael left for the high school, hoping to reconnect with his son, while Tobias’ attempts to reconnect with his daughter hit a snag.

George Michael: I will stop your mouth.

Tobias: Stop! Stop it! It’s all wrong.

George Michael: But we were just about to do the kiss.

Tobias: Kiss— I know. It doesn’t work.

Tobias: Look, you are playing adults... Pick that up. Pick that up, please. ...with fully formed libidos, not two young men playing grab-ass in the shower. Would you hold the work, please?! Oh, Michael.  

George Michael: Dad, what...?

Michael: So, you’re in a play, huh?

Maeby: I’m not. I quit.

Tobias: Maeby...

Michael: Why didn’t you tell me?

George Michael: Well, it’s not really important. I’m just a stand-in.

Michael: And you’re ashamed. Well, this should cheer you up. Hm? I left work early. I thought maybe we’d go for a ride today.

George Michael: Wha...? No, I can’t go on a bike ride right now.

Michael: Why because of the play? You’re just the stand-in.

George Michael: No, no, it’s not the play, it’s just... you know, I can’t go on a million bike rides whenever you want me to, you know?

Michael: Wait a minute, wait a minute, hey. Is it... is it about a girl?

George Michael: No, it’s not... No, just drop it, Dad.

Michael: Was Lindsay is right? Am I really suffocating him?

Tobias: Well, they’re different people every day, teenagers— hormones all ablaze. Except, of course, when they’re on stage when I need it.

Michael: No. He said it wasn’t about a girl.

Michael: Maybe he really is pulling away.

Tobias: Not a girl? Ah... of course. Methinks a Cupid I shall play.  
Act

Narrator: Tobias came up with a new plan for the play, and a way to connect to George Michael.

Tobias: I know why you’re in the play.

George Michael: What?

Tobias: Watch this. Okay, everybody. Well, we’ve lost a leading lady, but did you know that in Shakespeare’s day, that the women’s roles were played by men? Fancy that! George Michael, you know Steven’s lines, yes?

George Michael: Sort of.

Tobias: Fine, then you are my Benedick.

Tobias: And Steven Holt... Where is Steven Holt?

Steve Holt: Steve Holt!

Tobias: Yes. Get ready for the acting challenge of your sweet young life, fair lady, for you are my Beatrice!

Steve Holt: Beatrice!

Tobias: Let’s take it from, “Peace, I will stop thy mouth.” And now we’ll see if some sparks fly.

Narrator: As George Michael contemplated kissing his rival, Michael sought his father’s advice.
Scene

George, Sr.: Well, you think you never hurt me?

Michael: What are you talking about? When have I ever rebelled?

George, Sr.: I never see you anymore, Michael.

Michael: You’re in prison. And I was here yesterday.

George, Sr.: Oh, yeah, that’s... that’s... I’m sorry. I couldn’t break away from the poker game. Capital-G was down to his boxers.

Michael: Strip poker?

George, Sr.: Yeah, and it’s tough. We can really only play about... two hands.  

George, Sr.: Listen... Let him go. Let your son go.

Michael: I can’t do that, Dad. He needs me.

George, Sr.: Michael, you don’t want to make the same mistake your mom made with Buster.

Michael: Yeah, boy. What happened there?

George, Sr.: I really don’t know. Maybe it was the eleven months he spent in the womb. The doctor said there were claw marks on the walls of her uterus. But he was her “miracle baby.” And I-I was just too burnt out on raising you guys to care. So... he turned out a little soft, you know, a little doughy. I don’t know, maybe it was my fault. Maybe, uh, maybe I just ignored the guy.  

Buster: Wow. We’re just blowing through nap time, aren’t we?  

Michael: Yeah, I got to let my son go.
Scene

Narrator: Lindsay, meanwhile, still had the dress. And she was starting to get some positive reactions to it.

Lindsay: Look at you! I am!

Narrator: So, she decided to hide it in the attic crawl space. And Lucille was finding her hard-won privacy short lived.

Piano banging intro to “Cold as Ice.”

G.O.B.: [singing] You’re as cold as ice / Willing to sacrifice

G.O.B.: Are you crazy? I’m a magician. I make my living with my hands. And if I’m going to be staying here...

Lucille: Staying here? What, did that Mexican throw you out?

G.O.B.: She’s not “that Mexican,” Mom. She’s my Mexican. And she’s Colombian or something. Anyway, it’s over.

Lucille: You’ve got three days.

G.O.B.: Hey... if I can’t find a horny immigrant by then, I don’t deserve to stay here.  
Scene

Narrator: Back at the model home, Michael was adjusting to the absence of his son by enjoying the company of his brother.

Michael: You know, I’m in pretty good shape. You could be eating my dust all day, slow poke.

Narrator: And Buster was starting to give as good as he got.

Buster: And you might be [bleep] and it’s going to [bleep].

Michael: Well, let’s hope it doesn’t come to that.  

Michael: Hey, Tobias. How’s my son doing?

Tobias: Oh, well, he didn’t want to rehearse today. But I-I do think I have a handle on what he’s going through. I wish I could say the same for Steve Holt, though. I don’t know what the hell her problem is.

Michael: “Her”?

Tobias: Oh, uh, I’m sorry. I say that because I switched the parts. But, it’s still... off. Perhaps if she dressed as a woman.

Michael: “She”?

Tobias: Oh, for the love of God. She’s playing a woman.

G.O.B.: Look who’s back.

Lindsay: I’m exhausted.

Michael: Neiman’s again, huh?

Lindsay: Actually, I’ve been going to the thrift store but I’m going to find a way to keep that dress, Michael.

G.O.B.: Things didn’t work out with Mom. It was utterly macabre.  

    Flashback 

Lucille: Zip me up.

    End Flashback 

G.O.B.: She always makes everything about her.

Lindsay: Oh, she’s the last person you ever want to need something from.

Michael: She likes to be needed, just as long as it doesn’t cost her anything.

Buster: It’s like she gets off on being withholding.

Michael: Whoa. Buster.

G.O.B.: Look who’s got something to say.

Buster: “I’m Mom and I want to shoot down everything you say so I feel good about myself.”

G.O.B.: Look who’s ragging on the old lady.

Michael: Hey, hey.

G.O.B.: That’s fine.

Lindsay: Finally.

Buster: “’Cause I’m an uptight... [bleep]... Buster... [bleep]... you old horny slut!”

Michael: Well, no one’s going to top that.  
Scene

Narrator: And Tobias had found the perfect wardrobe for his leading man— the red dress he discovered in the attic crawl space. Assuming Michael had found and returned it, Lindsey called her mother hoping to get money for a new one.

Lucille: What?

Lindsay: Hi, Mama, it’s Linds.

Lucille: Get a job.

Lindsay: Look, just hear me out. It’s Maeby’s dress. It was stolen from her locker. They beat her up, and, uh, and took all her clothes.

Lucille: Send her over, I’ll take her shopping.

Lindsay: Buster was right. You get off on being withholding, don’t you?

Lucille: Buster said that?

Lindsay: That’s right.

Lucille: My Buster?

Lindsay: Not anymore, apparently.
Scene

Narrator: While Lucille was missing her youngest son, Michael was finally enjoying his company.

Michael: Zip me up?

Narrator: And while Buster did build a faster bike, he neglected to build the brakes.

Buster: I’m flying!

Michael: Buster?
Scene

Narrator: And George Michael had news for Maeby.

George Michael: So, I quit the play. I don’t really like plays. Also, I think your dad thinks I’m gay.

Maeby: Oh, he thinks everyone’s gay.  

George Michael: So, uh, do you want to get a soda?

Maeby: I can’t. I’m actually back in the play. We’re in the middle of dress rehearsal right now.

George Michael: But I thought Steve had your part.

    Flashback 

Narrator: Steve did still have Maeby’s part, and Tobias had given Maeby a new part.

Maeby: So you want me to play the man?

Tobias: Yes. Don’t you see? I-I cast the parts all wrong. It was Daddy’s fault.

Maeby: And I still get to kiss Steve, right?

    End Flashback 

Maeby: It’s going to be a huge disaster. I’ll get you tickets.
Scene

Narrator: And Michael tried to salvage what was left of the day with what was left of his brother.

Buster: I’m a little shaky, but... but we’re here to work.

Lucille: Michael.

Michael: Mom, what are you doing here?

Lucille: Oh, hello, Buster. Here’s a candy bar. No, I’m withholding it. Look at me, “getting off.”  

Lucille: How dare you turn Buster against me?

Michael: What are you talking about?

Lucille: I know what you’ve all been saying. But I’m not going to let you destroy my relationship with my son just because you don’t have one with yours right now.

Michael: Wait a minute. Me and my son are fine, and that is not what this is. Buster is a grown man. He can make his own decisions. Why don’t you ask Buster what he wants?

Buster: Michael. I want to go with Mom.

Michael: You said that she shoots you down.

Buster: I was just trying to fit in.

Michael: You were flying today, buddy.

Buster: Yes, I was flying. But a little too close to the sun.

Lucille: You let him go in the sun?  

Lucille: Get in the back seat. I’ll be right out.

Buster: Front seat, Mom. I sit in the front seat now. Mmm?

Lucille: Let me tell you something, Michael. You have to fight for your family. If you were smart, you’d grab your son before he slips any further away.

Michael: Well, I disagree, Mom. I’m not going to control George Michael, I’m going to let him decide for himself what’s best.

Lucille: Mm-hmm. Well, you better hope that little bird decides to fly back into your house, because they usually don’t.

Employee: So, uh, can we go now?

Michael: Yeah.
Scene

Narrator: And George Michael watched as Maeby shared the kiss that should have been his with the boy he almost had to kiss. But, to Maeby’s surprise, she did not enjoy kissing Steve Holt.

Maeby: You smell like my mom.
Scene

Narrator: And Michael returned to the model home to find his son in the kitchen.

George Michael: Hey, Dad.

Michael: You’re home.

George Michael: Yeah, I was waiting for you. I thought we could make some of these.

Michael: Sure.

George Michael: I’m sorry about what I said at the school. It was out of line.

Michael: I shouldn’t have poked my nose into your life.

George Michael: My life?

Michael: Well, I know that you’re growing up.

George Michael: Yeah, but, Dad, you’re like the most important part of my life.

Michael: That’s a little cornball.

George Michael: I don’t mind.

Michael: I don’t mind either, buddy.

George Michael: Watch it.

Michael: Mother of God! Oh! Every damn time!

George Michael: Here.

Michael: This is a big one. Oh!
Act

Narrator: On the next Arrested Development, Tobias gets a review of his Shakespeare play...

Tobias: I didn’t get into this business to please sophomore Tracy Schwartzman, so... onward and upward. On...

... moments later.

Tobias: (Crying.) Why, Tracy?! Why?!  
Scene

Narrator: ... and Buster is back where he belongs.

Buster: Mom!

Lucille: What is it?!

Buster: I can’t get down. 
Maeby: Well, now that we’ve got an employee, we can go have dinner. We throw away a banana for every buck we take so no one finds out.

T-Bone: Wait a minute, I think you should do that math again.

George Michael: Why? Is it wrong?

Maeby: It’s fine. He’s an arsonist, not an embezzler.
Scene

Cell phone ringing.

Narrator: Meanwhile, Michael got urgent call from his mother.

Lucille: G.O.B. is unhappy.

Michael: Again? I tried to include him, I gave him a job.

Lucille: You gave him a letter to mail.

Michael: And don’t tell me that was too much for him?

Lucille: No, Michael, he mailed the letter. That’s not the point.

    Flashback 

Narrator: G.O.B. had not mailed the letter, but in and act of defiance, dramatically hurled the letter into the sea. This proved a more difficult dramatic gesture than he’d anticipated.

    End Flashback 

Michael: So what do you want me to do about it?

Lucille: Don’t take that tone. He’s my son. I want you to make him stop calling me.

Lindsay: Am I the only one who works in this family?

Tobias: Yes, that’s my gal. Who would have imagined? Two actors in one family. We’re like the Lunts!

Tobias: Excuse me...
Scene

Narrator: And so, Lindsay and Maeby separately went to the same restaurant to celebrate the jobs they hadn’t actually performed, with money they hadn’t actually earned.

Lindsay: Did you enjoy your meal, Mom? You drank it fast enough.  

Lucille: Not as much as you enjoyed yours. You want your belt to buckle, not your chair.  

Lindsay: Okay, this is what I told Tobias you’d do. Say what you will about him, at least he’s happy for me.

Tobias sobbing in tub wearing cutoffs.

George Michael: You know, I think we might be doubling our losses here. Because, I mean, for every dollar you take, you’re actually taking two dollars because we paid for the bananas.

Maeby: (Laughs.) Oh, my God, you’re right.

George Michael: I am? Oh, God! I’ve screwed this up!

George Michael: Okay, we gotta go. Oh, my God! It’s your mom and Gangee!

Maeby: What are they doing here?

George Michael: They’re grown-ups, they’re allowed to have fun whenever they want! We’re kids, we’re supposed to be working!  

George Michael: Oh, great. Now they’re going to tell my dad and he’s going to come check the totals and know we took the money. Oh, God, this is bad.

Maeby: Look...

George Michael: What are we going to do?

Maeby: Pop-Pop. He’s a business man. What would he do?

Waiter #1: Bananas Foster.

Lucille: You might want to let that fire go out before you stick your face in it.

Lindsay: Ah, that’s funny. Because I was going to say, you might want to lean away from that fire since you’re soaked in alcohol.

Lucille: Mine was better.  
Scene

T-Bone: Welcome to Bluth Bananas, where bananas are our business. May I interest you in a banana this day?

Michael: T-Bone, what are you doing here?

T-Bone: Oh, your dad gave me this job.

Narrator: Michael realized that his father had even taken control of the banana stand. But he still had some unanswered questions, so he did a little detective work.

Michael: You burn down the storage unit?

T-Bone: Oh, most definitely.  

G.O.B.: Michael. Having a nice day at the beach, while the rest of us are busting our asses to deliver your mail?

Michael: What do you want me to say, okay? You go and you complained to Mom, and I tried to include you.

G.O.B.: Include me?

Michael: Yeah.

G.O.B.: I should be in charge. I’m the older brother.

Michael: Do you even want to be in charge?

G.O.B.: No... but I’d like to be asked!

G.O.B.: You know, it’s just like when we were kids and you were the only one he let work in the banana stand.

Michael: Well, I got news for you, G.O.B. Dad still doesn’t trust me to this day. Treats me like a low-level employee.

G.O.B.: It’s better than being treated like a goofball. The joker... the magician.

Michael: I thought you were going to do like a trick there, like a fireball or something.

G.O.B.: I was, it didn’t go off. These things never when you want ‘em to.

Cell phone rings.

G.O.B.: My least consistent trick.

Michael: Hold on one sec. Hello?

Maeby: Hey, Uncle Michael, it’s me, Maeby.

Michael: Hey, Maeby, where is George Michael?

Maeby: At the banana stand. He’s about to do something really irresponsible.

Michael: You think it’s irresponsible? I’ll be right there.
Act 4

T-Bone: I’m going to get blamed for this.

Michael: George Michael?

George Michael: Dad.

Michael: Hey, what are you doing?

George Michael: I was just, uh... I was burning down the banana stand.

Michael: What?

George Michael: I’m sorry, dad, I screwed it all up. I’ve no right to call myself Mr. Manager.

Michael: Manager.

George Michael: Manager. I’m sorry, dad...

Michael: Oh, George Michael.

George Michael: I am, I mean, but listen, I’ll make it up to you. I mean, I’ll work weeknights. I’ll lay people off. I’ll give up my summer, all my summers. Just, just tell me what to do, and I’ll do it.  

Narrator: Michael realized he had done to his son what his father had done to him. So he came up with a solution.

Michael: Burn it down.

George Michael: What?

Michael: Let’s burn this son of a bitch. It’s going to be our best summer ever, buddy.

Narrator: And so Michael, his son and his brother, together enjoyed the cathartic burning of the banana stand.

Michael: You mailed that insurance check, right, G.O.B.?
Scene

Narrator: The next morning, Lindsay woke up late in the day, hung over from celebrating her one day of employment, which it turns out, she had slept through.

Answering machine beep.

Roger Danish: ..all right, Lindsay, forget it. We’ll get someone else.

Narrator: Tobias was next on the call list, but unfortunately, couldn’t hear the phone over the sound of the shower.

Phone ringing.

Narrator: He did, however, use Lindsay’s conditioner and was surprised to find that it did help his self-esteem.

Lindsay: You look nice.

Tobias: What?

Lindsay: You look very handsome today.

Tobias: Thank you, Lindsay.
Scene

Narrator: And Michael finally got to show his father who’s boss.

George: You what?

Michael: Burned it right down to the ground.

George: Are you crazy? There was money in that banana stand.

Michael: Well, it’s all gone now, Dad, and it was my decision. So next time you want to have a little power struggle, just remember that you’re playing with fire.

George: There was $250,000 lining the walls of the banana stand.

Michael: What?

George: Cash, Michael!

Michael: Why didn’t you tell me that?

George: How much clearer can I say, “There’s always money in the banana stand!”

Guard: No touching!

George: No touching!

Guard: No touching!

George: No touching!

Guard: No touching!

George: No touching! 