You mean as friends? I try really hard, actually. My mom uses color safe bleach. Yeah well, my baggage doesn't try and kill me every five minutes.  Seven. You know her? You had a sexy phase?  Lesbian?  You're pretentious, this club sucks, I have beef. Let's fight. Dude, this thing claims I have mail. He's not even conscious!  That's it! You cocky cock! You'll pay for your crimes against humanity.  We are Sex Bob-Omb and we are here to make you think about death and get sad and stuff. Hawaii. All right, that's good. That's hard to trace, I guess. Wait. You changed your name to McLovin? McLovin? What kind of a stupid name is that, Fogell? What, are you trying to be an Irish R&B singer? Fogell, have you actually ever met anyone named Muhammed? Stay calm, okay? Let's not lose our heads. It's... it's a fine ID; it'll... it's gonna work. It's passable, okay? This isn't terrible. I mean, it's up to you, Fogell. This guy is either gonna think 'Here's another kid with a fake ID' or 'Here's McLovin, a 25 year-old Hawaiian organ donor'. Okay? So what's it gonna be?  I'd give my middle nut to start dating Becca. Yeah... they said that would happen in Health Class. I heard she got breast reduction surgery. Calm down, calm down. She likes you. She wants to suck on your penis. That's a good thing. It's the best. They're like little baby toes. It's just not fair that they get to flaunt that stuff, you know... and like, I have to hide every erection I get. You know what I do? I flip my boner up into my waistband. It hinds it AND it feels awesome. I almost blew a load into my bellybutton. Yours would be too... if you were a man. Shut the fuck up, man. He's gonna hear you. Just be quiet; wait until he goes away.  Fogell... shut the fuck up. And take off that vest. You look like Aladdin.  You could always subscribe to a site like Perfect Ten. I mean that could be anything, it could be a bowling site.  Hey, don't keep me waiting much longer, I'm getting impatient up here. I'm a virgin by choice.  I've seen what you do with your right hand. No, thank you. Everybody listen up! Who took my fucking cell phone man? Martin, empty your pockets!  I saw you in the bathroom, man! Somebody dial my phone! Unbelievable! Unacceptable, after coke I wasted on you people, thrown away! Shit, that's embarrassing. Actually, uh... I can’t really go today. My-my bike needs a tune-up or something. Michael. Hey, the Cornballer. I thought these were only legal in Mexico. So, I’m going to go, okay? I would kiss before I spoke... And then there’s a kiss, right? And then there’s a kiss, right?   Yeah, I just love the theater. I actually think I’m going to quit. Yeah, theater’s dead. But no... no. I love the theater, and I gave my word, so I’m back in. But we were just about to do the kiss. Well, it’s not really important. I’m just a stand-in. What? Sort of. Hey, Dad.  Yeah, I was waiting for you. I thought we could make some of these.  I’m sorry about what I said at the school. It was out of line. Yeah, but, Dad, you’re like the most important part of my life. I don’t mind. Dad, I want to work more hours at the banana stand. Wow. I’m Mr. Manager. Well, this is the cash drawer. My dad’s going to come by at the end of the weekend, and the number of bananas has to match the amount of money in here. I’m sorry, dad, I screwed it all up. I’ve no right to call myself Mr. Manager. I am, I mean, but listen, I’ll make it up to you. I mean, I’ll work weeknights. I’ll lay people off. I’ll give up my summer, all my summers. Just, just tell me what to do, and I’ll do it.  I am? Oh, God! I’ve screwed this up! Okay, we gotta go. Oh, my God! It’s your mom and Gangee! They’re grown-ups, they’re allowed to have fun whenever they want! We’re kids, we’re supposed to be working!  Oh, great. Now they’re going to tell my dad and he’s going to come check the totals and know we took the money. Oh, God, this is bad. Hey, cool tiger. Looks proud. Cool. I guess so. I'm supposed to be running. Yeah, typically. That's what happens when our moms and teachers get pregnant. Yeah, wizard, I guess. I mean do what you think is right. Whose idea was it? I did the prep questions for this lab last night. you can copy my answer if you need to. But you copy my work every week. I don't mind. You definitely bring something to the table. Or something. I'm not hungry oddly. Yup. Yup. I can't grow a mustache. It never comes in evenly. So it looks like you're getting pregnant-er these days. Is that normal? I always think you're cute. I think you're beautiful. Hey Junebug, when all this is over we should get the band back together again. We should get back together too. I don't like Katrina. I don't. Katrina smells like soup. Her whole house smells of soup. You're mad. Why are you mad? Katrina's not my girlfriend! And I doubt she was actually giving you the stinkeye. She just looks like that all the time. You're being really immature. Not this time. You don't have any reason to be mad at me. You broke my heart. I should be royally ticked at you, man. I should be really cheesed off. I shouldn't want to talk to you anymore. Like I'd marry you! You would be the meanest wife of all time. And anyway, I know you weren't bored that day because there was a lot of stuff on TV. The Blair Witch Project was on Starz, and you were like, Oh, I want to watch this, but we should make out instead. La la la. Yeah, well... I still have your underwear. Oh my god, SHUT UP! Did you put like a hundred things of Tic Tacs in my mailbox? I think I'm pretty much set until college on the Tic Tac front. What, you mean as friends? I try really hard, actually... I was just bored. I only think school is awesome like, 80% of the time. Wizard! You're the beset friend I've ever had, even when you're being kind of evil. Can we make out now? typically, yeah, yeah, that is what happens when our moms and teachers get pregnant. Well, I still have your underwear! What-- Whose idea was it?  No, I don't mind. I think you definitely bring something to the table.  What about Katrina De Voort? You could totally go out with Kitrina De Voort. I should be royally ticked off at you, you know. I should be really cheesed off. I shouldn't want to talk to you anymore. Like I'd marry you? You'd be the meanest wife ever, okay? And I know that you weren't bored that day, because there was a lot of stuff on TV, and-- and the Blair Witch Project was coming on Starz. And you were like, 'I haven't seen this since it came out.' And if so, we should watch it. And then but, 'Oh, no, we should make out instead,' la, la, la. I know you weren't bored that day because there was a lot of stuff on TV and The Blair Witch project was coming on Starz. Where does the sun go at night?  Where do babies come from?  There’s a snake on my foot.  There’s a snake on my foot? I feel like a bird! I saved a life with my love making.  I think last time we spoke we both kind of said some really nasty things that neither of us meant, like, you broke up with me… on my birthday.  You don’t have to yell.  It’s not a train station.  We’re a tiny car.  We didn’t miss it.  This is it.  C’mon, you wanna go home? This isn’t a cab. It’s not a cab, my friend, I promise you. I never wash my pants.  I like to keep the night on them.  He’s creepy.  You did that actually.  We’re close enough to the curb now.  We’re right on it.  Maybe I’ll take this for a bit and you can just focus on driving.  Also that mix CD, that I left on your doorstep was the last one that I’ll be making for you.  More or less…  Well, you’re two penises short of a Shania Twain reimagination band!  Well maybe we’re the pieces.  Maybe we are not supposed to find the pieces.  Maybe we are the pieces.  If anyone is getting raped in that van, it’ll be a guy.  Guys, we need to be adults right now.  You don’t know what it’s like to be straight, ok?  It’s awful.  I want to tickle your belly button from the inside.  shouldn’t you need that child support money to support your child?  I’ll only ask once that you and your adorable sweater step away from the door.  i’m gonna wrap your legs around my head and wear you like the crown that you are, if that’s ok with you.  I’m not going anywhere until you sink your filthy dick in this tomato.  Hey asshole, it’s me.  Thanks fucko, I’m calling you to make it easy for you, I’ll be at Hazel Park in one hour, round up your donut dipping friends, I’m turning myself in.  Fuck you.  In the movies, the good guy gets the girl.  In real life, it’s usually the prick.  Well, thank you for that unsolicited counsel, and please do drop dead.  It’s a wonder that humankind has constructed any kind of civilization with this monumental distraction at hand.  Evil?  You mean, do I have like ulterior motives?  I’m offended, Kim.  Yeah, I think garlic bread would have to be my favourite all time food.  I could eat it for every mea.  Or just constantly, without stopping.  No, why would I get fat?  Bread makes you fat? You were once ve-gone, but now you will begone.  I skimmed it.  So what you’re saying is we’re dating?  Does that mean we can make out? I have to pee.  If I peed my pants would you pretend that I just got wet from the rain?  Hey so, can this not be a one-night stand?  For one thing I didn’t even get any.  That was a joke.  Oh, come to this first round of this battle of the bands thing.  Yea, we’re terrible.  Please come. Oh wait, can I get your number? Wow, girl’s number… I have to go pee due to boredom.  I don’t think I can hit a girl.  They’re soft.  I’m in lesbians with you.  I said lesbians… Open your eyes.  Maybe you’ll see! Hey you totally came.  Like with jet-packs? What the hell… I gotta pee on her!  I mean, I gotta pee.  Pee time.  Yea, good, good, good.  She changed her hair.  It’s just nerves! That gossipy bitch. You know what really sucks? Everything… No, no, I want to hang.  It’s, you know, the whole evil ex-boyfriend thing… It’s no biggie.  Um, you know, I know it’s early, but I don’t think anything can get in the way of how I SHIT!  I can not have tea.  I couldn’t stop thinking about my stupid ex-girlfriend.  Oh God!  I had this totally weird dream.  But there was this girl… I know you play mysterious and aloof just to avoid getting hurt.  And I know that you have reasons for not wanting to talk about your past.  I want you to know that i don’t care about any of that stuff because I’m in lesbians with you.  Why can’t we have our own secret shows? 