Nice socks. Can I try them on after we have sex?
Yo mama is so fat that her bellybutton gets home 15 minutes before she does.
Yo mama is so fat that when she was diagnosed with a flesh-eating disease, the doctor gave her ten years to live.
Yo mama is so fat that the National Weather Service names each one of her farts.
Yo mama is so fat that when she wears a yellow raincoat, people yell "taxi!"
Yo mama is so fat that she sat on a dollar and squeezed a booger out George Washington's nose.
Yo mama is so fat that when she gets in an elevator, it has to go down.
Yo mama is so fat that when her beeper goes off, people think she's backing up.
Yo mama is so fat that she has to iron her pants on the driveway.
Yo mama is so fat that she left the house in high heels and came back wearing flip flops.
Yo mama is so fat that people jog around her for exercise.
Yo mama is so fat that she was floating in the ocean and Spain claimed her for the New World.
Yo mama is so fat that when she walked in front of the TV, I missed 3 seasons of Seinfeld.
Yo mama is so fat that you have to grease the door frame and hold a twinkie on the other side just to get her through!
Yo mama is so fat that that when she sits on the beach, Greenpeace shows up and tries to tow her back into the ocean...
Yo mama is so fat that when she bungee jumps, she brings down the bridge too.
Yo mama is so fat that when she talks to herself, it’s a long distance call.
Yo mama is so fat that the last time she saw 90210, it was on a scale.
Yo mama is so fat that light bends around her.
Yo mama is so fat that I took a picture of her last Christmas and it's still printing!
Yo mama is so fat that when she sat on Wal-Mart, she lowered the prices.
Yo mama is so fat that when she sat on an iphone, it turned into an ipad.
Yo mama is so fat that people jog around her for exercise.
Yo mama is so fat that she gets group insurance.
Yo mama is so fat that she was zoned for commercial development.
Yo mama is so fat that she walked into the Gap and filled it.
Yo mama is so fat that she comes at you from all directions.
Yo mama is so fat that when she climbed onto a diving board at the beach, the lifeguard told your dad "sorry, you can't park here".
Yo mama is so fat that her cereal bowl came with a lifeguard.
Yo mama is so fat that she looks like she’s smuggling a Volkswagen.
Yo mama is so fat that when she got her shoes shined, she had to take the guy’s word for it.
Yo mama is so fat that when she sings, it’s over for everybody.
Yo mama is so fat that when she ran away, they had to use all four sides of the milk carton to display her picture.
Yo mama is so fat that when she was growing up she didn’t play with dolls, she played with midgets.
Yo mama is so fat that she uses two buses for roller-blades.
Yo mama's so fat she blew up the Deathstar.
Yo mama is so fat that when she goes to a buffet, she gets the group rate.
Yo mama is so fat that she has to put her belt on with a boomerang.
Yo mama is so fat that she doesn’t eat with a fork, she eats with a forklift.
Yo mama is so fat that the last time the landlord saw her, he doubled the rent.
Yo mama is so fat that Weight Watchers won’t look at her.
Yo mama is so fat that the highway patrol made her wear a sign saying "Caution! Wide Turn".
Yo mama is so fat that when she sits around the house, she SITS AROUND THE HOUSE!
Yo mama is so fat that when she steps on a scale, it reads "one at a time, please".
Yo mama is so fat that she fell in love and broke it.
Yo mama is so fat that when she gets on the scale it says "We don't do livestock".
Yo mama is so fat that when she tripped on 4th Ave, she landed on 12th.
Yo mama is so fat that God couldn't light the Earth until she moved!
Yo mama is so fat that even Bill Gates couldn't pay for her liposuction!
Yo mama is so fat that she has to pull down her pants to get into her pockets.
Yo mama is so fat that she was born on the fourth, fifth, and sixth of June.
Yo mama is so fat that she could fall down and wouldn’t even know it.
Yo mama is so fat that the sign inside one restaurant says, “Maximum occupancy: 300, or Yo momma.”
Yo mama is so fat that she puts mayonnaise on aspirin.
Yo mama is so fat that she was born with a silver shovel in her mouth.
Yo mama is so fat that when she hauls ass, she has to make two trips.
Yo mama is so fat that she had to go to Sea World to get baptized.
Yo mama is so fat that her bellybutton’s got an echo.
Yo mama is so fat that when she turns around people throw her a welcome back party.
Yo mama is so fat that her belly button doesn’t have lint, it has sweaters.
Yo mama is so fat that a picture of her would fall off the wall.
Yo mama is so fat that when she takes a shower, her feet don’t get wet.
Yo mama is so fat that she puts on her lipstick with a paint-roller!
Yo mama is so fat that she could sell shade.
Yo mama is so fat that I ran around her twice and got lost.
Yo mama is so fat that the shadow of her butt weighs 100 pounds.
Yo mama is so fat that when she’s standing on the corner police drive by and yell, “Hey, break it up.”
Yo mama is so fat that her blood type is Ragu.
Yo mama is so fat that when she runs the fifty-yard dash she needs an overnight bag.
Yo mama is so fat that she can’t even fit into an AOL chat room.
Yo mama is so fat when she goes skydiving she doesn't use a parachute to land, she uses a twin-engine plane!
Yo mama is so fat MTX audio's subwoofers couldn't rattle her bones!
Yo mama is so fat her headphones are a pair of PA speakers connected to a car amplifier.
Yo mama is so fat that she doesn’t have a tailor, she has a contractor.
Yo mama is so fat that eating contests have banned her because she is unfair competition.
Yo mama is so fat that she measures 36-24-36, and the other arm is just as big.
Yo mama is so fat that she gets her toenails painted at Lucky’s Auto Body.
Yo mama is so fat that when she goes to an amusement park, people try to ride HER!
Yo mama is so fat that when she jumps up in the air she gets stuck!
Yo mama is so fat that she has more Chins than a Chinese phone book!
Yo mama is so fat that she influences the tides.
Yo mama is so fat that when she plays hopscotch, she goes "New York, L.A., Chicago..."
Yo mama is so fat that NASA has to orbit a satellite around her!
Yo mama is so fat that when she sits on my face I can't hear the stereo.
Yo mama is so fat that they have to grease the bath tub to get her out!
Yo mama is so fat that she's on both sides of the family!
Yo mama is so fat that at the zoo, the elephants throw HER peanuts.
Yo mama is so fat you have to roll over twice to get off her.
Yo mama is so fat that she sets off car alarms when she runs.
Yo mama is so fat that she cant reach into her back pocket.
Yo mama is so fat that she has her own gravity field.
Yo mama is so fat that she stepped on a rainbow and made Skittles.
Yo mama is so fat that the only pictures you have of her were taken by satellite cameras.
Yo mama is so fat that when she wears a "Malcolm X" T-shirt, helicopters try to land on her back!
Yo mama is so fat that that she cant tie her own shoes.
Yo mama is so fat that when she lays on the beach, people run around yelling Free Willy.
Yo mama is so fat that she uses redwoods to pick her teeth
Yo mama is so fat that she cut her leg and gravy poured out
Yo mama is so fat that she was in the Macy’s Thanksgiving Day Parade... wearing ropes.
Yo mama is so fat that she went on a light diet. As soon as it’s light she starts eating.
Yo mama is so fat that she’s half Italian, half Irish, and half American.
Yo mama is so fat that her waist size is the Equator.
Yo mama is so fat that she can’t even jump to a conclusion.
Yo mama is so fat that she uses a mattress for a tampon.
Yo mama is so fat that when she got hit by a bus, she said, "Who threw that rock at me?"
Yo mama is so fat that we went to the drive-in and didn't have to pay for her because we dressed her up as a Toyota.
Yo mama is so fat that that when whe was born, she gave the hospital stretch marks.
Yo mama is so fat that she was cut from the cast of E.T., because she caused an eclipse when she rode the bike across the moon.
Yo mama is so fat that when you get on top of her your ears pop.
Yo mama is so fat that she got hit by a car and had to go to the hospital to have it removed.
Yo mama is so fat that she eats "Wheat Thicks".
Yo mama is so fat that we're in her right now!
Yo mama is so fat that she went to the movie theatre and sat next to everyone.
Yo mama is so fat that she has been declared a natural habitat for condors.
Yo mama is so fat that when she wants to shake someones hand, she has to give directions!
Yo mama is so fat that even Dora can't explore her!
Yo mama is so fat that when she gets on the scale it says "to be continued".
Yo mama is so fat that when she goes to a resturant, she looks at the menu and says "okay!"
Yo mama is so fat that even Chuck Norris couldn't run around her.
Yo mama is so fat that her neck looks like a dozen hot dogs!
Yo mama is so fat that when she bungee jumps she goes straight to hell!
Yo mama is so fat that she's got her own area code!
Yo mama is so fat that she looks like she's smuggling a Volkswagon!
Yo mama is so fat that she has to buy three airline tickets.
Yo mama is so fat that whenever she goes to the beach the tide comes in!
Yo mama is so fat that she's got Amtrak written on her leg.
Yo mama is so fat that her legs are like spoiled milk - white & chunky!
Yo mama is so fat that I had to take a train and two buses just to get on the her good side!
Yo mama is so fat that she wakes up in sections!
Yo mama is so fat that when she lies on the beach no one else gets any sun!
Yo mama is so fat that that her senior pictures had to be taken from a helicopter!
Yo mama is so fat that everytime she walks in high heels, she strikes oil!
Yo mama is so fat that she fell and created the Grand Canyon!
Yo mama is so fat that her butt drags on the ground and kids yell - "there goes santa claus with his bag of toys!"
Yo mama is so fat that even her clothes have stretch marks!
Yo mama is so fat that she has to use a VCR as a beeper!
Yo mama is so fat that when she asked for a waterbed, they put a blanket over the ocean!
Yo mama is so fat that she got hit by a parked car!
Yo mama is so fat that they use the elastic in her underwear for bungee jumping.
Yo mama is so fat that when she fell over she rocked herself asleep trying to get up again.
Yo mama is so fat that that when I tried to drive around her I ran out of gas.
Yo mama is so fat that when she went to church and sat on a bible, Jesus came out and said "LET MY PEOPLE GO!"
Yo mama is so fat that when she dances at a concert the whole band skips.
Yo mama is so fat that she stands in two time zones.
Yo mama is so fat that she went to the fair and the kids thought she was a bouncy castle.
Yo mama is so fat that when she goes to an all you can eat buffet, they have to install speed bumps.
Yo mama is so fat that the camera TAKES AWAY 10 lbs from her appearance.
Yo mama is so fat that her sedan can fit 5 people... or just yo mama with the front seats removed.
Yo mama is so fat that when she went to seaworld the whales started singing "We Are Family".
Yo mama is so fat that she fell out of both sides of her bed.
Yo mama is so fat that the stripes on her pajamas never end.
Yo mama is so fat, Al Gore accuses her of global warning everytime she farts!
Yo mama is so fat that she's got every caterer in the city on speed dial!
Yo mama's so fat that when she goes on a scale, it shows her own phone number.
Yo mama's so fat that she doesn't need the internet - she's worldwide.
Yo mama's so fat that when she goes on a scale, it reads "lose some weight".
Yo mama's so fat that she doesn't get dreams, she gets movies!
Yo mama's so fat that when she walks, she changes the earth's rotation!
Yo mama is so fat that she uses the entire country of Mexico as her tanning bed.


 
Yo mama is so ugly that when she went to a beautician it took 12 hours... to get a quote!
Yo mama is so ugly that she looked out the window and got arrested for mooning.
Yo mama is so ugly that people go as her for Halloween.
Yo mama is so ugly that she turned Medusa to stone!
Yo mama is so ugly that the government moved Halloween to her birthday!
Yo mama is so ugly that she scares the roaches away.
Yo mama is so ugly that... well... look at you!
Yo mama is so ugly that when she looks in the mirror, the reflection looks back and shakes its head.
Yo mama is so ugly that she looks like she's been in a dryer filled with rocks.
Yo mama is so ugly that she makes blind children cry.
Yo mama is so ugly that she climbed the ugly ladder and didn't miss a step.
Yo mama is so ugly that the last time I saw something that looked like her, I pinned a tail on it.
Yo mama is so ugly that we put her in the kennel when we go on vacation.
Yo mama is so ugly that her shadow ran away from her.
Yo mama is so ugly that she could scare the flies off a shit wagon.
Yo mama is so ugly that her birth certificate contained an apology letter from the condom factory.
Yo mama is so ugly that that your father takes her to work with him so that he doesn't have to kiss her goodbye.
Yo mama is so ugly that she tried to take a bath and the water jumped out!
Yo mama is so ugly that when she walks down the street in September, people say "Wow, is it Halloween already?"
Yo mama is so ugly that her mom had to be drunk to breast feed her.
Yo mama is so ugly that when she walks into a bank, they turn off the surveillence cameras.
Yo mama is so ugly that they didn't give her a costume when she auditioned for Star Wars.
Yo mama is so ugly that even Rice Krispies won't talk to her!
Yo mama is so ugly that when she joined an ugly contest, they said "Sorry, no professionals."
Yo mama is so ugly that she could make a freight train take a dirt road.
Yo mama is so ugly that that when she sits in the sand on the beach, cats try to bury her.
Yo mama is so ugly that when she drove past area 51, she was thought to be extraterrestrial life. They took her away never to be seen again.
Yo mama is so ugly that they pay her to put her clothes on in strip joints
Yo mama is so ugly that you have to tie a steak around her neck so the dog will play with her!
Yo mama is so ugly that just after she was born, her mother said "What a treasure!" and her father said "Yes, let's go bury it."
Yo mama is so ugly that she made an onion cry!
Yo mama is so ugly that when I last saw a mouth like hers, it had a hook in it.
Yo mama is so ugly that she gets 364 extra days to dress up for Halloween!
Yo mama is so ugly that they push her face into dough to make gorilla cookies.
Yo mama is so ugly that when she goes to the therapist, he makes her lie on the couch face down.
Yo mama is so ugly that she gives Freddy Kreuger nightmares.
Yo mama is so ugly that when she walks in the kitchen, the rats jump on the table and start screaming.
Yo mama is so ugly that even Bill Clinton wouldn't sleep with her.
Yo mama is so ugly that when she was born, the doctor slapped her AND her parents!
Yo mama is so ugly that she didn't get hit with the ugly stick, she got hit by the whole damn tree.
Yo mama is so ugly that she has 7 years bad luck just trying to look at herself in the mirror.
Yo mama is so ugly that she practices birth control by leaving the lights on.
Yo mama is so ugly that she threw a boomerang and it wouldn't even come back.
Yo mama is so ugly that she'd scare the monster out of Loch Ness.
Yo mama is so ugly that it looks like she's been bobbing for french fries.
Yo mama is so ugly that her pillow cries at night.
Yo mama is so ugly that people at the circus pay money not to see her.
Yo mama is so ugly that when she looks in the mirror it says "viewer discretion is advised."
Yo mama is so ugly that she can look up a camel's butt and scare the hump off of it.
Yo mama is so ugly that when she moved into the projects, all her neighbors chipped in for curtains.
Yo mama is so ugly that Santa pays an elf to drop off her gifts at Christmas.
Yo mama is so ugly that people hang her picture in their cars so their radios don't get stolen.
Yo mama is so ugly that I took her to a haunted house and she came out with a job application.
Yo mama is so ugly that if she was a scarecrow, the corn would run away.
Yo mama is so ugly that she could be the poster child for birth control.
Yo mama is so ugly that I took her to the zoo, guy at the door said "Thanks for bringing her back."
Yo mama is so ugly that when she went to Taco Bell everyone ran for the border.
Yo mama is so ugly that her face is blurred on her driver's license.
Yo mama is so ugly that the FCC requires her face to be blurred when she's on TV, because of decency rules.
Yo mama is so ugly that a sculpture of her face is used when torturing prisoners at Guantanamo Bay.
Yo mama is so ugly that government intelligence agencies have to pixelize her face when spying on her.
Yo mama is so ugly that she's never seen herself 'cause the mirrors keep breaking.
Yo mama is so ugly that it looks like someone did the stanky leg dance on her face.
Yo mama is so ugly that when she was born she was put in an incubator with tinted windows.
Yo mama is so ugly that she put the Boogie Man out of business!
Yo mama is so ugly that she made Barack Obama lose hope!
Yo mama was such an ugly baby that her parents had to feed her with a slingshot.
Yo mama is like a hockey player, she only showers after three periods.
Yo mama is like a chicken coop, cocks fly in and out all day.
Yo mama has so many teeth missing, that it looks like her tongue is in jail.
Yo mama's mouth is so big that she speaks in surround sound.
Yo mama is so grouchy that the McDonalds she works in doesn't even serve Happy Meals.
You suck... yo mama does too, but she charges.
Yo mama is like a paper towel, she picks up all kinds of slimy wet stuff.
Yo mama is like Bazooka Joe, 5 cents a blow.
Yo mama is like a telephone, even a 3 year old can pick her up.
Yo mama is like a Christmas tree, everybody hangs balls on her.
Yo mama is like the sun, look at her too long and you'll go blind.
Yo mama is like a library, she's open to the public.
Yo mama is like a fine restaurant, she only takes deliveries in the rear.
Yo mama is like an ATM, open 24 hours.
Yo mama is like a bowling ball... round, heavy, and you can fit three fingers in.
Yo mama is like a basketball hoop, everybody gets a shot.
Yo mama is like a Discover card, she gives cash back.
Yo mama is like a championship ring, everybody puts a finger in her.
Yo mama is like Dominoes Pizza, one call does it all.
Yo mama is like a microwave, press one button and she's hot.
Yo mama is like a mail box, open day and night.
Yo mama is like a bowling ball, she always winds up in the gutter.
Yo mama is like a bus, guys climb on and off her all day long.
Yo mama is like a door knob, everybody gets a turn.
Yo mama is like a light switch, even a little kid can turn her on.
Yo mama's such a ho that "who's your daddy?" is a multiple-choice question.
You'll never be the man Yo mama was.
Yo mama... 'nuff said.
Yo mama is so lazy that she thinks a two-income family is where yo daddy has two jobs.
Yo mama is so lazy that she's got a remote control just to operate her remote!
Yo mama's arms are so short that she has to tilt her head to scratch her ear.
Yo mama's lips are so big that Chapstick had to invent a spray.
Yo mama is so lazy that she came in last place in a recent snail marathon.
Yo mama is missing a finger and can't count past nine.
Yo mama is so flat that she makes the walls jealous!
Yo mama's gums are so black that she spits Yoo-hoo.
It took yo mama 10 tries to get her drivers license - she couldn't get used to the front seat!
Yo mama's so fat that when she asked me "what's up?" I said "your weight!"
Yo mama is twice the man you are.
Yo mama's head is so small that she got her ear pierced and died.
Yo mama is cross-eyed and watches TV in stereo.
Yo mama is so stupid that she was born on Independence Day and can't remember her birthday.
Yo mama's head is so small that she uses a tea-bag as a pillow.
Yo mama's face is so wrinkled, that she has to screw her hat on.
Yo mama's hips are so big that people set their drinks on them.
Yo mama's hair is so nappy that she has to take Tylenol just to comb it.
Yo mama's feet are so big that her shoes need to have license plates on them!
Yo mama's so lonely that she buys hot dogs and nuts wishing she could have sex with them.
Yo mama is so bald that even a wig wouldn't help!
Yo mama is so bald that you can see what's on her mind.
Yo mama is so bald that she took a shower and got brain-washed!
Yo mama's teeth are so yellow that when she smiles everyone sings "We're Walking on Sunshine."
Yo mama is like a slaughter house - everybody's hanging their meat up in her.
Yo mama is like the new AOL 4.0: Fun, Fast, Easy and Free!
Yo mama is like a carpenter's dream - flat as a board and easy to nail.
Yo mama is like Humpty Dumpty - First she gets humped, then she gets dumped.
Yo mama is like a bag of potato chips, "Free-To-Lay."
Yo mama is like a turtle - once she's on her back she's fucked.
Yo mama is like a fan - she's always blowing someone.
Yo mama is like Pizza Hut - if she isn't there in 30 minutes... it's Free!
Yo mama is like a goalie - she only changes her pads after three periods.
Yo mama is like a gas station - you gotta pay before you pump!
Yo mama is like Sprint - 10 cents a minute anywhere in the country.
Yo mama is like a Chinese restaurant - All you can eat for only $9.95!
Yo mama smells so bad that the doctor diagnosed her with breath cancer.
Yo mama's breath smells so bad that when she yawns her teeth duck out of the way.
What's the difference between yo mama and a Lay-Z-Boy? One's soft, squishy, and always has someone in it. The other is a chair.
What's the difference between yo mama and a 747? About 20 pounds.
Yo mama's like a shotgun, one cock and she blows.
Yo mama's like the Bermuda Triangle, they both swallow a lot of seamen.
Yo mama's like cake mix, 15 servings per package!
Yo mama's like a 5 foot tall basketball hoop, it ain't that hard to score.
Yo mama's like a vacuum cleaner... she sucks, blows, and then gets laid in the closet.
Yo mama's like the Pillsbury dough boy - everybody pokes her.
Yo mama's like a brick, dirty, flat on both sides, and always getting laid by Mexicans.
Yo mama's like a nickel, she ain't worth a dime.
Yo mama's like a streetlamp, you can find her turned on at night on any street corner.
Yo mama's like a telephone booth, open to the public, costs a quarter, and guys go in and out all day.
Yo mama's like a Reese's Peanut Butter Cup, there's no wrong way to eat her.
Yo mama's like a postage stamp, you lick her, stick her, then send her away.
Yo mama's like a screen door, after a couple of bangs she loosens up.
Yo mama's like a dollar bill, she gets handled all across the country.
Yo mama's like school at 3 o'clock... children keep coming out and nobody can remember all the fathers.
Yo mama's like a bowling ball, she gets picked up, fingered, thrown down the gutter, and she still comes back for more.
Yo mama's like a set of speakers - loud, ugly, lives in a box, and you can turn her up, down, on, and off.
Yo mama's like a birthday cake, everybody gets a piece.
Yo mama's like 7-Eleven - open all night, hot to go, and for 89 cents you can get a slurpy.
Yo mama's like a vacuum cleaner - a real good suck.

Yo mama's like a Snickers bar, packed with nuts.
Yo mama's like a race car driver - she burns a lot of rubbers.
Yo mama's like a parking garage, three bucks and you're in.
Yo mama's like a pool table, she likes balls in her pocket.
Yo mama's got 1 toe & 1 knee and they call her Tony.
Yo mama's got a "wait" problem, she can't wait to eat.
Yo mama's got a 4 dollar weave and don't know when to leave.
Yo mama's teeth are so yellow, when she smiles it looks like a Kraft Singles pack.
Yo mama's got Play-Doh teeth.
Yo mama's like the Panama Canal, vessels full of seamen pass through her everyday.
Yo mama likes to applaud, 'cause she's got clap
Yo mama's got 1 leg longer than the other so they call her call her hip hop.
Yo mama's got an eating disorder, she be eating dis order, dat order, she be eating all the damn orders!
Yo mama sucks so much dick her butt chin turned into a nut chin!
Yo mama's got more chins than a Chinese phone book.
Yo mama's like a bungee cord... 100 dollars for 30 seconds and if that rubber breaks, your ass is dead!
Yo mama's like a squirrel, she's always got some nuts in her mouth.
Yo mama's like a refrigerator, everyone puts their meat in her.
Yo mama's like a tricycle, she's easy to ride.
yo mamas like a hardware store. 25 cents a screw.
Yo mama's like mustard, she spreads easy.
Yo mama's like peanut butter: brown, creamy, and easy to spread.
Yo mama's like McDonalds... Billions and Billions served.
Yo mama's like an elevator, guys go up and down on her all day.
Yo mama's like a railroad track, she gets laid all over the country.
Yo mama's like lettuce, 25 cents a head.
Yo mama's got an eagle's nest wig.
Yo mama's twice the man you are.
Yo mama's got more crust than a bucket of Kentucky Fried Chicken.
Yo mama's got more weave than a dog in traffic.
Yo mama's only got one finger and runs around stealing key rings.
Yo mama's got a peanut butter wig with jelly sideburns.
Yo mama's got a leather wig with suede sideburns.
Yo mama got hit upside the head with an ugly stick.
Yo mama's got so much weave, when a fly goes by her hair swats at it.
Yo mama's got no ears and was trying on sunglasses.
Yo mama's got so much weave, AT&T uses her extensions as backup lines.
Yo mama's got so much dandruff, she needs to defrost it before she combs her hair.
Yo mama's so bald that I can tell fortunes on her head.
Yo mama's so bald that you could draw a line down the middle of her head and it would look like my ass.
Yo mama's so fat that the Sorting Hat put her in all four houses!
Yo mama's so fat that a wingardium leviosa spell couldn't lift her.
Yo mama's so fat, she makes Hagrid look like "Mini-me".
Yo mama's so fat, she tried to eat Cornelius Fudge.
Yo mama's so ugly, even a dementor wouldn't kiss her!
Yo mama's so fat the Sorting Hat assigned her to the House of Pancakes.
Yo mama's so old, she used to babysit Dumbledore.
Yo mama's so stupid, she thinks Sirius Black is a hip hop station on satellite radio.
Yo mama's so ugly that the whomping willow saw her and died.
Yo mama's so stupid she thinks Patronus is a kind of Tequlia.
Yo Mama's so fat, her Patronus is a Double-Whopper with Cheese.
Yo mama's so nasty, the Forbidden Forrest was named after her.
Yo mama's the reason that Dumbledore turned gay.
Yo mama's so old, her boobs look like two upside down Sorting Hats!
Yo mama's so fat, she used the invisibility cloak as a bib.
Yo Mama's so ugly, everybody calls her "She-Who-Must-Not-Be-Naked"
Yo mama's so fat that even the Dementors can't suck her soul out in one sitting.
Yo mama's so pasty, she makes Ron Weasely look like George Hamilton.
Yo mama's so fat, she looked in the mirror of Erised and saw a ham!
Yo mama's so old she gave Nicholas Flamel his first kiss.
Yo mama's so ugly that the Dementor's Kiss was swapped out for a hearty handshake and a promise to give her a call sometime.
Yo mama's so stupid, she drowned in a pensieve
Yo mama's so dumb she thought that she could talk to snakes if she put parsley on her tongue
Yo mama's so nasty, every pair of her panties has the Dark Mark on them.
Yo mama's so fat that if she confronted a boggart it would morph into a treadmill.
Yo Mama's so ugly that even Voldemort won't say her name.
Yo Mama's so poor she can't even afford a Gringotts account.
Yo mama's so fat that the sorting hat couldn't decide where to put her - she couldn't fit in any of the houses!!
Yo mama's the only mute prostitue in Hogsmeade. They call her "dumb-le-whore"!
Yo mama's so fat, she ate the Death Eaters.
Yo mama's so masculine that Dumbledore would sleep with her!
Yo mama's so nasty that the order of the phoenix was "stay away from that woman!"
Yo mama's so poor that Dobby gave her a sock to keep her foot warm.
Yo mama's such a tramp that she's given more rides than the Hogwarts Express!
Yo mama's so fat even Grawp can't pick her up!
Yo mama's so smelly, Bertie Bott made her his next jelly bean flavor.
Yo mama's so fat that it takes two boggarts to shape-shift into her!
Yo mama's so ugly that she lost a beauty contest to Mountain Troll.
Yo mama's so ugly that when the bassalisk snuck up on her and saw her face, HE dropped dead.
Yo mama's breath is the secret ingredient in the Weasly's Butterscotch Barf-ies.
Yo mama's so ugly that when she walked into Gringotts Wizarding Bank, they gave her a job application.
Yo mama's so ugly she turned the Basilisk to stone.
Yo mama's such a tramp that she's like a quidditch broomstick - everyone gets a ride.
Yo mama's so skanky that the reason you're called a Half-Blood Prince is because she has no idea who your father is!
Yo mama's so dumb that a stupify spell actually made her smarter.
Yo mama's so stanky that not even dobby would accept one of her socks.
Yo mama's so fat that even her Quidditch robes have stretch marks.
Yo mama's so old she makes Dumbledore look like a teenager.
Yo mama's so fat they'd have to use transfiguration to sneak her through the hole in the Gryffindor Tower.
Yo mama's so fat that even the Death Star couldn't blow her up!
Yo mama's so fat that Spock couldn't find a pressure point to perform the Vulcan Death Grip on her.
Yo mama's so ugly that Wuher said 'We don't serve your kind here'.
Yo mama's so fat the odds against not finding her fat are approximately 3,720 to 1.
Yo mama's so fat that she thought the opening line of Kirk's monologue was "Spice, the final Frontier..."
Yo mama's so stupid that when the borg had to choose between assimilating her and a tree, they chose the tree.

Yo mama's so fat that if she were placed beside a changeling during regeneration, no one would know the difference.
Yo mama's so fat that she tried to fly through a temporal anomoly but she didn't fit.
Yo mama's so fat she makes Riker's belly look 3 atoms thick.
Yo mama's so fat that when she tried to captain a galaxy class they had to separate the saucer so she could fit.
Yo mama's so fat that she makes the USS Enterprise look like a micro machines racer.
Yo mama's so flatulent that she forced the Mustafarians to wear masks!
Yo mama's so dumb that she tried to rent a car from The Enterprise.
Yo mama's so fat that Dexster Jettster mistook her for his wife.
Yo mama's so ugly that the term 'bantha poodoo' wasn't used metaphorically with reference to her.
Yo mama's so fat that only half her body was able to come out frozen from the carbon freezing chamber in Cloud City.
Yo mama's so ugly that Dr. Evazan looks like a male supermodel next to her.
Yo mama's so fat that when she beams to a ship, the ship beams inside of her.
Yo mama's so such a ho that she slept with me... therefore, I AM YOUR FATHER!
Yo mama's so dumb that when she found a vulcan, she tried to call Santa to take him back to the north pole.
Yo mama's so fat that the passengers of the Millenium Falcon mistook her for a small moon.
Yo mama's so fat that Gardulla the Hutt had a boost in self-esteem after seeing her.
Yo mama's so ugly that she made doctor McCoy say "Damnit Jim, I'm a doctor, not a Zoologist!"
Yo mama's so fat that she fell to the dark side and couldn't get back up.
Yo mama's so fat that if she was thrown into the second Death Star's reactor core, she could have blown up the entire Imperial fleet.
Yo mama's so fat that the Kaminoans couldn't use her as a host for clones since they couldn't pierce her skin deep enough to draw blood.
Yo mama's so weak-minded that I got her to lead me to Jabba without using a jedi mind trick!
Yo mama's so fat that she caused Kamino to flood when her water broke.
Yo mama's so ugly that she's probably a Shi'ido Clawdite that stays in her regular form all the time.
Yo mama's so fat that her lack of balance caused her to stumble into an Utapau sinkhole.
Yo mama's so fat that she crushed Boga as soon as she mounted her.
Yo Mama's so fat, that in an attempt to beam her up, the ship ended up being pulled down to the surface.
Yo mama's so fat that when she stepped on the scale, her weight was OVER 9000!!!
Yo Mama's so fat, she walked in front of the TV and I missed three seasons of Inuyasha!
Yo mama's so fat, Naruto couldnt make enough clones to see all sides of her.
Yo mama's so ugly, she can't even get tentacle raped.
Yo mama's so ugly, even Tamaki wouldn't hit on her.
Yo mama's so fat that the Dragon Ball Z crew uses her to make craters on set.
Yo mama's so ugly, she's the real reason sasuke left the village.
Yo mama's so fat that when she sat down on a park bench, she caused the Naruto timeskip.
Yo mama's so ugly that she's like a Death Note. Get someone to look at her, and they'll die!
Yo mama's so ugly, Jiraiya saw her and turned gay!
Yo mama's so hairy Naruto thought she was a Summon.
Yo mama's so fat, she scared L into giving up all sweets.
Yo mama's so ugly that she made Spike Spiegel choke on his cigarette
Yo mama's so ugly that she makes Sailor Bubba feel dirty.
Yo mama's so fat that she cant even fit in the expanding plug suit.
Yo mama's so ugly that she made Loz cry.
Yo mama's so dumb that when she was handed the death note, she thought they were asking for her autograph.
Yo mama is so fat that she took geometry in high school just cause she heard there was gonna be some pi.
I'LL HIT YOU...
I'll  hit you so hard by the time you come down, you'll need a passport and
a plane ticket back!
I'll hit you so hard you 'll have to take off your shoes to shit!
I'll hit you so hard you'll have to unzip your pants to say hi!
I'll hit you so hard your kids will be born dizzy!
I'll hit you so hard your wife will fall!

DUMB...
You're so dumb you think socialism means partying!
You're so dumb you think manual labor is a Mexican!
You're so dumb you think Johnny Cash is a pay toilet!
You're so dumb it takes you an hour and a half to watch "60 Minutes"!
You  so stupid you probably think Taco Bell is where you pay your telephone
bill.
You so dumb you got blonde roots in your eyeballs.
Your so stupid, that you got fired from the M & M factory for throwing away
all the W's.
Your so stupid, that you went to a Clippers game to get a hair cut.
Your so stupid, that you went to a Whalers game to see Shamu.
Your so stupid, it takes you an hour to cook minute rice.

UGLY...
She  was  so ugly...  they used to push her face into dough to make gorilla
biscuits
You're so ugly you'd make a train take a dirt road!
You're so ugly when you walk into a bank, they turn the cameras off!
You're  so  ugly,  if you stuck your head out the window, they'd arrest you
for mooning!
You're  so  ugly  if  you  joined  an  ugly  contest, they'd say "Sorry, no
professionals!"
You're so ugly your face is closed on weekends!
You're so ugly you could be the poster child for abortion/birth control!
You're so ugly if my dog looked like you, I'd shave its ass and teach it to
walk backwards!
You're so ugly when you were born the doctor slapped your mother!
You're  so ugly when you were born, your mother saw the afterbirth and said
"Twins!"
You're so ugly they know what time you were born, because your face stopped
the clock!
She's so ugly she could scare the moss off a rock!
She's so ugly she could scare the chrome off a bumper!
Your face so so ugly when you cry the tears run up your face.
Your so ugly, your mother had to feed you with a sling shot.
Your  so  ugly,  your mother had to tie a steak around your neck to get the
dog to play with you.

FAT...
You're so fat when you sit around the house, you sit AROUND the HOUSE
You're so fat a picture of you would fall off the wall!
You're  so  fat  if  you  weighed  five  more  pounds,  you could get group
insurance!
You're  so  fat  you  get  clothes in three sizes:  extra large, jumbo, and
oh-my-god-it's-coming-towards-us!
You're so fat if you got your shoes shined, you'd have to take his word for
it!
Your  so  fat,  that you have to strap a beeper on your belt to warn people
you are backing up.
Your so fat, that you have to use a mattress as a maxi-pad.

GENERAL...
'Scuse  me,  I can't seem to find my dick.  Mind if I look in your mother's
mouth?
Your wife said she liked seafood.  So I gave her crabs.
Are those your tits, or did Laurel and Hardy leave you their heads?
Is that an accent, or is your mouth just full of sperm?
If I had change for a buck, I could have been your dad!
The  difference  between  your  mama  and  a  rooster?   The  rooster  says
cock-a-doodle  doo,  your mama says any-cock'll do.  I would have been your
dad, but the guy in front of me had exact change.
You're so skinny, that you use a bandaid as a maxi-pad.
You're like a light switch, even a little kid can turn you on.

MOTHERS...
I  saved  your mother's life today...  I killed a shiteating dog on the way
over.
Your  mother's  armpits  are  so hairy it looks like she had Buckwheat in a
headlock.
Your mother's so fat it takes her two trips to haul ass.
Your mom's so fat, her yearbook picture was an aerial photo.
Your mom's so fat, I had to roll her in flour and look for the wet spot.
Your mom's so fat, I had to slap her thigh and ride the wave in.
They  say  that  beauty is only a light switch away, with your mom I had to
use a black light.
Your mom's so stupid it takes her a half hour to make minute rice.
Your mom's so ugly the psychiatrist makes her lie facedown.
Your mom's got snakeskin teeth.
Your mom's so stupid I saw her in the frozen food section w/a fishing rod.
Your mom's so fat, at the zoo the elephants started throwing Her peanuts.
Your mom's got hair on her tongue and she gargles w/curl activator.
Your mom's got a wooden leg w/a real foot.
Your mom's got a leather wig w/suede sideburns.
Your momma's so fat, she jumped up in the air -- AND GOT STUCK!
Your mother's like a door knob, everybody gets a turn.
Your mother's like a birthday cake, everybody gets a piece.
Your mother's like mustard, she spreads easy.
Your Mama's got three teeth...one in her mouth & two in her pocket.
Your Mama's breath's so strong, she be blowin' bubbles with Now & Laters.
Your Mama's so old, her birthday's expired.
Your  Mother is so stupid, she needs a ruler beside her bed to see how long
she can sleep.
Your Mother is so dumb, she got hit by a cup and said she got mugged.
Your  Mother  is  so  old, I told her to start acting her age and the bitch
died.
Your mama's so old she owes Jesus Christ a quarter
Your mama's so poor she went to McDonald's to put a shake on layaway
Your mama's so dumb she sold the car for gas money
Your mama's so dumb she cooked her own complimentary breakfast.
Your  Mama's  So  fat,  when  her  beepgr  goes off, people thought she was
backing up
Your Mama's So stupid, it took her 2 hours to watch 60 minutes
Your Mama's So fat, when she wears a yellow raincoat, people said "Taxi!"
Your Mama's So stupid, when she saw the NC-17 (under 17 not admitted) sign,
she went home and got 16 friends
Your Mama's So fat, she had to go to Sea World to get baptized
Your Mama's So fat, she got to iron her pants on the driveway
Your Mama's So fat, she put on her lipstick with a paint-roller
Your Mama's So fat, she got to pull down her pants to get into her pockets
Your Mama's So fat, when she steps on a scale, it read "...to be continued"
Your  Mama's  So nasty, when she goes to a hair salon, she told the stylist
to cut her hair and she opened up her shirt.
Your Mama's So fat, when she tripped over on 4th Ave, she landed on 12th
Your  Mama's So ugly, when she joined an ugly contest, they said "Sorry, no
professionals."
Your Mama's So ugly, she looks out the window and got arrested for mooning.
Your  Mama's  So  ugly,  just  after  she was born, her mother said "What a
treasure!" and her father said "Yes, let's go bury it."
Your Mama's So old, I told her to act her own age, and the bitch died.
Your Mama's So ugly, they push her face into dough to make gorilla cookies.
Your Mama's So ugly, they filmed "Gorillas in the Mist" in her shower
Your  Mama's So ugly, they didn't give her a costume when she tried out for
Star Wars.
Your  Mama's So poor, when I saw her kicking a can down the street, I asked
her what she was doing, she said "Moving."
Your Mama's So fat, when she bungee jumps, she brings down the bridge too
Your  Mama's  So ugly, instead of putting the bungee cord around her ankle,
they put it around her neck
Your Mama's So ugly, she gets 364 extra days to dress up for Halloween.
Your  Mama's  So  ugly,  when  she  walks  into  a  bank, they turn off the
surveillence cameras
Your Mama's So fat, the highway patrol made her wear "Caution!  Wide Turn"
Your  Mama's  So  stupid, when your dad said it was chilly outside, she ran
outside with a spoon
Your  Mama's  So  fat,  when she sits around the house, she SITS AROUND THE
HOUSE!
Your  Mama's  So  fat,  when  she steps on a scale, it read "one at a time,
please"
Your  Mama's  So  stupid,  she  told  everyone  that she was "illegitiment"
because she couldn't read.
Your Mama's So ugly, her mom had to be drunk to breast feed her
Your  Mama's So ugly, her mom had to tie a steak around her neck to get the
dogs to play with her.
Your  Mama's  So  ugly, when she walks down the street in September, people
say "Damn, is it Halloween already?"
Your Mama's So ugly, the government moved Halloween to her birthday.
Your Mom's like a race car driver...  she burns a lot of rubbers
Your Mom's like a doorknob...  everybody gets a turn
Your Mom's like an ice cream cone...  everyone gets a lick
Your Mom's like a bowling ball you can fit three fingers in
Your Mom's like a bowling ball she always winds up in the gutter
Your Mom's like a bowling ball she always comes back for more
Your Mom's like McDonalds...  Billions and Billions served
Your Mom's like Denny's...  open 24 hours
Your Mom's like a shotgun...  give her a cock and she blows
Your Mom's like 7up...never had it never will.
Your mama's like a railroad track:  She gets laid all over the country.
Your mama's like a T.V.:  A two year old could turn her on.
Your mama's like a goalie:  she changes her pads after three periods.
Your mama's like Crazy Eddie, she's practically giving it all away
You're mother's so dumb...she got stabbed at a shoot-out.
Your mama's like a Christmas tree, everybody hangs balls on her.
Your  mom  is  like a postage stamp, you lick her, stick her, then send her
away.
You mom is so fat, everytime she wears high heels, she strikes oil.
Your so ugly, your mother had to feed you with a sling shot.
Your  so  ugly,  your mother had to tie a steak around your neck to get the
dog to play with you.
Your  so  fat,  that you have to strap a beeper on your belt to warn people
you are backing up.
Your so skinny, that you use a bandaid as a maxi-pad.
Your so fat, that you have to use a matress as a maxi-pad.
Your so stupid, that you got fired from the M & M factory for throwing away
all the W's.
Your so stupid, that you went to a Clippers game to get a hair cut.
Your so stupid, that you went to a Whalers game to see Shamu.
Your like a light switch, even a little kid can turn you on.
Your so stupid, it takes you an hour to cook minute rice.

You're mother's so dumb...
..she got stabbed at a shoot-out.
..heard it was chilly outside and grabbed a bowl.
..got hit by a parked car.

Insults...
I'm  looking forward to the pleasure of your company since I haven't had it
yet.
When you pass away and people ask me what the cause of your death was, I'll
say your stupidity.
Well I'll see you in my dreams - if I eat too much.
I've  had  many  cases  of love that were just infatuation, but this hate I
feel for you is the real thing.
You're the best at all you do - and all you do is make people hate you.
Don't you realize that there are enough people to hate in the world already
without your working so hard to give us another?
The  thing that terrifies me the most is that someone might hate me as much
as I loathe you.
When you get run over by a car it shouldn't be listed under accidents.
All of your ancestors must number in the millions; its hard to believe that
many people are to blame for producing you, arsehole.
Ever since I saw you in your family tree I've wanted to cut it down.
I  hear  that  when  you were a child your mother wanted to hire someone to
take care of you but the Mafia wanted too much.
I  hear that when your mother first saw you she decided to leave you on the
front steps of a police station while she turned herself in.
You  were  born  because  your  mother  didn't believe in abortion; now she
believes in infanticide.
No  one should be punished for accident of birth but you look too much like
a wreck not to be.
Yours was an unnatural birth; you came from a human being.
You  were the answer to a prayer.  Your parents prayed that the world would
be made to suffer and here bugger you came along.
You're a habit I'd like to kick; with both feet.
I hear the only place you're ever invited is outside.
I would like the pleasure of your company but it only gives me displeasure.
You've never been outspoken; no one has ever been able to.
At  your speed you'd better not stop your mouth too fast or your teeth will
fly through your cranium.
If you ever tax your brain, don't charge more than a penny.
Don't you have a terribly empty feeling ---- in your skull bampot?
You  have  nothing  to fear from my baser instincts; its my finer ones that
tell me to kill you.
It's your life --- but I wish you'd let us have it.
I  don't  consider you a vulture bollocks.  I consider you something a vulture would
eat.
I  think you should live for the moment.  But after that I doubt I'll think
so. Snooty Poot.
Man alive!  But I wish you weren't.
I  believe in respect for the dead; in fact I could only respect you if you
WERE dead.
I  admire  your because I've never had the courage it takes to be a liar, a
thief and a cheat.
You're acquitting yourself in such a way that no jury ever would.
You have a face only a mother could love - and she hates it!
You never strike out blindly; you fail in the light.


Yo mama is so fat that the ratio of the circumference to her diameter is four.
Yo mama is so fat that her derivative is strictly positive.
Yo mama is like a protractor - she's good at every angle.
Yo mama is so fat that in a love triangle, she'd be the hypotenuse.
Yo mama is so stupid that when I told her "pi-r-squared" and she replied no, they are round.
The limit of yo mama's ass goes to infinity.
Yo mama = x/0 for every x in yo mama.
The infinite series of yo mama from 0 to infinity is strictly diverging.
Yo mama is so mean that she has no standard deviation.
Yo mama is so ugly, that Pythagoras wouldn't touch her with a 3-4-5 triangle.
Yo mama is so square that she's got imaginary numbers on her social security card.
Yo mama is such a ho, that she asked all the math majors to to figure out g(f(your mom)) just so they could "f" her first.
The volume of yo mama is an improper integral.
The integral of yo mama is fat plus a constant, where the constant is equal to more fat.
Yo mama's muscle-to-fat ratio can only be explained in irrational complex numbers.
The only way to get from point A to point B is around yo mama's fat ass.
Yo mama's so fat that she broke the HP limit!
Yo mama's so hairy and ugly that she got used as Ashitare's stunt double.
Yo mama's so stupid she makes Tristan look like Einstein!
Yo mama's so fat, she makes Vash look anorexic!
Yo mama's so hairy that she has to go to Furfest to meet a man.
Yo mama's breath is so nasty that it chases away Miasma.
Yo mama's so round that she makes a Pokéball look flat!
Yo mama's so ugly, Saya thought she was a Chiropteran.
Yo mama's so dumb, she failed out of Cromartie High School.
Yo mama's so old and fat they use her wrinkles as set terrain for Dragon Ball Z.
Yo mama's nosehairs are so long that they make Bobobo jealous!
Yo mama's so fat that she was mistaken for Mt. Fuji at the Sakura festival.
Yo mama's so fat she makes a Snorlax look like a chihuahua!
Yo mama's so ugly that when Nozomu Itoshiki saw her, he didn't even bother with his "ZETSUBOUSHITA!" speech - he skipped straight to hanging himself.
Yo mama's so fat that it took the entire Dragon Ball Z crew 1 week just to lift her off the ground.
Yo mama's cosplay is so bad that she got beat by a Narutard in the masquerade!
Yo mama's so ugly that when Kakashi looked directly at her, he lost an eye.
Yo mama's so fat that she tried to eat someone dressed as a box of Pocky!
Yo mama's so ugly that she makes Orochimaru look beautiful.
Yo mama's so fat, Choji told her to lose weight.
Yo Mama's so ugly even Data would need special eye googles to look at her.
Yo mama is so hairy that the only language she can speak is wookie.
Yo mama's so ugly her Kazon hairdo is an improvement!
Yo Mama's so ugly even a Ferengi would dress her in clothes.
Yo mama's so old even Guinan refers to her as "old bag".
Yo Mama's so fat that when she walks into a room the replicators stop working.
Yo Mama's so fat, Data feels strong emotions of disgust and self-terminates.
Yo Mama's so stupid the Borg wouldn't assimilate her!
Yo Mama's so fat she wears her own inertia dampener.
Yo Mama's so ugly she did the truly impossible: she made Captain James T Kirk's penis go limp.
Yo Mama's so fat, she managed to contain a warp core breach.
Yo Mama's so fat, she got stuck trying to enter the Nexus.
Yo Mama's so fat, when she fell over, she punched a hole in the fabric of space/time.
Ya mama's so fat, her wand is a Slim Jim.
Yo mama's so fat the core of her wand has a creame filling.
Yo mama's so ugly that Voldemort took one look at her and killed HIMSELF!"
Yo mama's so poor she had to go to the Weasley's for a loan.
Yo mama's so ugly, she thought that Hogwarts were the growth on her thigh.
Yo mama's so ugly that as a baby they had to use the Confundus Charm so the family would play with her.
Yo mama's such a ho that she lets ANYONE enter her "chamber of secrets".
Yo mama's so ugly she scares the Dementors away.
Yo mama's so ugly that when she asked Crabbe to take her to the Yule Ball, he decided to go with Goyle instead!

Yo mama's so bald that when she goes to bed, her head slips off the pillow.
Yo mama's so bald that when she braids her hair, it looks like stitches.
yo mama's breath is so stanky, she eats odour eaters.
Yo mama's like an iPod, fun to touch!
Yo mama's got one leg and people call her Ilene.
Yo mama's been on welfare so long that her picture is on food stamps.
Yo mama's like Wal-Mart... She's got different discounts everyday.
Yo mama's so hunchbacked, she has to look up to tie her shoes.
Yo mama's nostrils are so huge she makes Patrick Ewing jealous.
Yo mama's so hunchbacked, she has to wear goggles to wash dishes.
Yo mama's so hunchbacked, she can stand on her feet and her head at the same time.
Yo mama's so hunchbacked, she hits her head on speed bumps.


By the time you learn how not to be a pile of shit, it will be nearly 6 months too late.

You are one humpbacked shitface.

My unit, your whore mouth. Right now.

What the ass pounding hell, I can't believe how much of a dick loving cow tipper you are.

Yeah so I'm going to take a mutant juicy shit in your room.

I'm just about ready to take a humungous moist poop in your oven.

It is fantastic, you know, that you're such a fucking semen demon.

Get circumcised by a thug, you oversexed sack of ass.

I once watched a paramedic give your stepmother a hillbilly bomber.

Go thou and fill another room in hell, thou contemptible pox-marked damned witch.

I'm not saying you're a skank, but if your fur burger had a password, it would be 'qwerty'.

I know you're a valueless moron and all, but holy god, fuck off.

Go chief a bucket of cocksmilk you skank.

Why do you stink so bad, did someone shit in your garage?

Remember that time when all of your friends had a really good time the other night? No? That's because you have no friends.

If a prostitute donkey punches you in the face tomorrow, I bet it won't be the first time.

I know you're a worthless cunt and all, but holy heavenly father, hang yourself.

It would be fabulous if you shut your dysfunctional crevice, you douche nozzle.

Douche nozzle.

You're a valueless vajayjay, and may you receive a parking ticket.

You're the most cock mauling hyperactive shit stain I know.

You're the most schlong-loving tree hugging baddie I know.

You are so repelling that having your face blown off would make you more gorgeous.

artless             base-court          apple-john
bawdy               bat-fowling         baggage
beslubbering        beef-witted         barnacle
bootless            beetle-headed       bladder
churlish            boil-brained        boar-pig
cockered            clapper-clawed      bugbear
clouted             clay-brained        bum-bailey
craven              common-kissing      canker-blossom
currish             crook-pated         clack-dish
dankish             dismal-dreaming     clotpole
dissembling         dizzy-eyed          coxcomb
droning             doghearted          codpiece
errant              dread-bolted        death-token
fawning             earth-vexing        dewberry
fobbing             elf-skinned         flap-dragon
froward             fat-kidneyed        flax-wench
frothy              fen-sucked          flirt-gill
gleeking            flap-mouthed        foot-licker
goatish             fly-bitten          fustilarian
gorbellied          folly-fallen        giglet
impertinent         fool-born           gudgeon
infectious          full-gorged         haggard
jarring             guts-griping        harpy
loggerheaded        half-faced          hedge-pig
lumpish             hasty-witted        horn-beast
mammering           hedge-born          hugger-mugger
mangled             hell-hated          joithead
mewling             idle-headed         lewdster
paunchy             ill-breeding        lout
pribbling           ill-nurtured        maggot-pie
puking              knotty-pated        malt-worm
puny                milk-livered        mammet
qualling            motley-minded       measle
rank                onion-eyed          minnow
reeky               plume-plucked       miscreant
roguish             pottle-deep         moldwarp
ruttish             pox-marked          mumble-news
saucy               reeling-ripe        nut-hook
spleeny             rough-hewn          pigeon-egg
spongy              rude-growing        pignut
surly               rump-fed            puttock
tottering           shard-borne         pumpion
unmuzzled           sheep-biting        ratsbane
vain                spur-galled         scut
venomed             swag-bellied        skainsmate
villainous          tardy-gaited        strumpet
warped              tickle-brained      varlot
wayward             toad-spotted        vassal
weedy               unchin-snouted      whey-face
yeasty              weather-bitten      wagtail


Thou cream-faced loon.

Thou are as loathsome as a toad.

Peace, ye fat guts.

I do desire we may be better strangers.

Thou are a flesh-monger, a fool, and a coward.

You scullion, you rampallian, you fustilarian, I’ll tickle your catastrophe.

Thou art as fat as butter.

There’s no more faith in thee than in a stewed prune.

Thou are a boil, a plague sore, an embossed carbuncle in my corrupted blood.

Away you three inch fool.

Thou art a natural coward without instinct.

You, minion, are too saucy.

A weasel hath not such a deal of spleen as you are toss’d with.

Your virginity breeds mites, much like a cheese.

I'll  hit you so hard by the time you come down, you'll need a passport and
a plane ticket back!
I'll hit you so hard you 'll have to take off your shoes to shit!
I'll hit you so hard you'll have to unzip your pants to say hi!
I'll hit you so hard your kids will be born dizzy!
I'll hit you so hard your wife will fall!

You're so dumb you think socialism means partying!
You're so dumb you think manual labor is a Mexican!
You're so dumb you think Johnny Cash is a pay toilet!
You're so dumb it takes you an hour and a half to watch "60 Minutes"!
You  so stupid you probably think Taco Bell is where you pay your telephone
bill.
You so dumb you got blonde roots in your eyeballs.
Your so stupid, that you got fired from the M & M factory for throwing away
all the W's.
Your so stupid, that you went to a Clippers game to get a hair cut.
Your so stupid, that you went to a Whalers game to see Shamu.
Your so stupid, it takes you an hour to cook minute rice.


She  was  so ugly...  they used to push her face into dough to make gorilla
biscuits
You're so ugly you'd make a train take a dirt road!
You're so ugly when you walk into a bank, they turn the cameras off!
You're  so  ugly,  if you stuck your head out the window, they'd arrest you
for mooning!
You're  so  ugly  if  you  joined  an  ugly  contest, they'd say "Sorry, no
professionals!"
You're so ugly your face is closed on weekends!
You're so ugly you could be the poster child for abortion/birth control!
You're so ugly if my dog looked like you, I'd shave its ass and teach it to
walk backwards!
You're so ugly when you were born the doctor slapped your mother!
You're  so ugly when you were born, your mother saw the afterbirth and said
"Twins!"
You're so ugly they know what time you were born, because your face stopped
the clock!
She's so ugly she could scare the moss off a rock!
She's so ugly she could scare the chrome off a bumper!
Your face so so ugly when you cry the tears run up your face.
Your so ugly, your mother had to feed you with a sling shot.
Your  so  ugly,  your mother had to tie a steak around your neck to get the
dog to play with you.


You're so fat when you sit around the house, you sit AROUND the HOUSE
You're so fat a picture of you would fall off the wall!
You're  so  fat  if  you  weighed  five  more  pounds,  you could get group
insurance!
You're  so  fat  you  get  clothes in three sizes:  extra large, jumbo, and
oh-my-god-it's-coming-towards-us!
You're so fat if you got your shoes shined, you'd have to take his word for
it!
Your  so  fat,  that you have to strap a beeper on your belt to warn people
you are backing up.
Your so fat, that you have to use a mattress as a maxi-pad.


'Scuse  me,  I can't seem to find my dick.  Mind if I look in your mother's
mouth?
Your wife said she liked seafood.  So I gave her crabs.
Are those your tits, or did Laurel and Hardy leave you their heads?
Is that an accent, or is your mouth just full of sperm?
If I had change for a buck, I could have been your dad!
The  difference  between  your  mama  and  a  rooster?   The  rooster  says
cock-a-doodle  doo,  your mama says any-cock'll do.  I would have been your
dad, but the guy in front of me had exact change.
You're so skinny, that you use a bandaid as a maxi-pad.
You're like a light switch, even a little kid can turn you on.


I  saved  your mother's life today...  I killed a shiteating dog on the way
over.
Your  mother's  armpits  are  so hairy it looks like she had Buckwheat in a
headlock.
Your mother's so fat it takes her two trips to haul ass.
Your mom's so fat, her yearbook picture was an aerial photo.
Your mom's so fat, I had to roll her in flour and look for the wet spot.
Your mom's so fat, I had to slap her thigh and ride the wave in.
They  say  that  beauty is only a light switch away, with your mom I had to
use a black light.
Your mom's so stupid it takes her a half hour to make minute rice.
Your mom's so ugly the psychiatrist makes her lie facedown.
Your mom's got snakeskin teeth.
Your mom's so stupid I saw her in the frozen food section w/a fishing rod.
Your mom's so fat, at the zoo the elephants started throwing Her peanuts.
Your mom's got hair on her tongue and she gargles w/curl activator.
Your mom's got a wooden leg w/a real foot.
Your mom's got a leather wig w/suede sideburns.
Your momma's so fat, she jumped up in the air -- AND GOT STUCK!
Your mother's like a door knob, everybody gets a turn.
Your mother's like a birthday cake, everybody gets a piece.
Your mother's like mustard, she spreads easy.
Your Mama's got three teeth...one in her mouth & two in her pocket.
Your Mama's breath's so strong, she be blowin' bubbles with Now & Laters.
Your Mama's so old, her birthday's expired.
Your  Mother is so stupid, she needs a ruler beside her bed to see how long
she can sleep.
Your Mother is so dumb, she got hit by a cup and said she got mugged.
Your  Mother  is  so  old, I told her to start acting her age and the bitch
died.
Your mama's so old she owes Jesus Christ a quarter
Your mama's so poor she went to McDonald's to put a shake on layaway
Your mama's so dumb she sold the car for gas money
Your mama's so dumb she cooked her own complimentary breakfast.
Your  Mama's  So  fat,  when  her  beepgr  goes off, people thought she was
backing up
Your Mama's So stupid, it took her 2 hours to watch 60 minutes
Your Mama's So fat, when she wears a yellow raincoat, people said "Taxi!"
Your Mama's So stupid, when she saw the NC-17 (under 17 not admitted) sign,
she went home and got 16 friends
Your Mama's So fat, she had to go to Sea World to get baptized
Your Mama's So fat, she got to iron her pants on the driveway
Your Mama's So fat, she put on her lipstick with a paint-roller
Your Mama's So fat, she got to pull down her pants to get into her pockets
Your Mama's So fat, when she steps on a scale, it read "...to be continued"
Your  Mama's  So nasty, when she goes to a hair salon, she told the stylist
to cut her hair and she opened up her shirt.
Your Mama's So fat, when she tripped over on 4th Ave, she landed on 12th
Your  Mama's So ugly, when she joined an ugly contest, they said "Sorry, no
professionals."
Your Mama's So ugly, she looks out the window and got arrested for mooning.
Your  Mama's  So  ugly,  just  after  she was born, her mother said "What a
treasure!" and her father said "Yes, let's go bury it."
Your Mama's So old, I told her to act her own age, and the bitch died.
Your Mama's So ugly, they push her face into dough to make gorilla cookies.
Your Mama's So ugly, they filmed "Gorillas in the Mist" in her shower
Your  Mama's So ugly, they didn't give her a costume when she tried out for
Star Wars.
Your  Mama's So poor, when I saw her kicking a can down the street, I asked
her what she was doing, she said "Moving."
Your Mama's So fat, when she bungee jumps, she brings down the bridge too
Your  Mama's  So ugly, instead of putting the bungee cord around her ankle,
they put it around her neck
Your Mama's So ugly, she gets 364 extra days to dress up for Halloween.
Your  Mama's  So  ugly,  when  she  walks  into  a  bank, they turn off the
surveillence cameras
Your Mama's So fat, the highway patrol made her wear "Caution!  Wide Turn"
Your  Mama's  So  stupid, when your dad said it was chilly outside, she ran
outside with a spoon
Your  Mama's  So  fat,  when she sits around the house, she SITS AROUND THE
HOUSE!
Your  Mama's  So  fat,  when  she steps on a scale, it read "one at a time,
please"
Your  Mama's  So  stupid,  she  told  everyone  that she was "illegitiment"
because she couldn't read.
Your Mama's So ugly, her mom had to be drunk to breast feed her
Your  Mama's So ugly, her mom had to tie a steak around her neck to get the
dogs to play with her.
Your  Mama's  So  ugly, when she walks down the street in September, people
say "Damn, is it Halloween already?"
Your Mama's So ugly, the government moved Halloween to her birthday.
Your Mom's like a race car driver...  she burns a lot of rubbers
Your Mom's like a doorknob...  everybody gets a turn
Your Mom's like an ice cream cone...  everyone gets a lick
Your Mom's like a bowling ball you can fit three fingers in
Your Mom's like a bowling ball she always winds up in the gutter
Your Mom's like a bowling ball she always comes back for more
Your Mom's like McDonalds...  Billions and Billions served
Your Mom's like Denny's...  open 24 hours
Your Mom's like a shotgun...  give her a cock and she blows
Your Mom's like 7up...never had it never will.
Your mama's like a railroad track:  She gets laid all over the country.
Your mama's like a T.V.:  A two year old could turn her on.
Your mama's like a goalie:  she changes her pads after three periods.
Your mama's like Crazy Eddie, she's practically giving it all away
You're mother's so dumb...she got stabbed at a shoot-out.
Your mama's like a Christmas tree, everybody hangs balls on her.
Your  mom  is  like a postage stamp, you lick her, stick her, then send her
away.
You mom is so fat, everytime she wears high heels, she strikes oil.
Your so ugly, your mother had to feed you with a sling shot.
Your  so  ugly,  your mother had to tie a steak around your neck to get the
dog to play with you.
Your  so  fat,  that you have to strap a beeper on your belt to warn people
you are backing up.
Your so skinny, that you use a bandaid as a maxi-pad.
Your so fat, that you have to use a matress as a maxi-pad.
Your so stupid, that you got fired from the M & M factory for throwing away
all the W's.
Your so stupid, that you went to a Clippers game to get a hair cut.
Your so stupid, that you went to a Whalers game to see Shamu.
Your like a light switch, even a little kid can turn you on.
Your so stupid, it takes you an hour to cook minute rice.


I'm  looking forward to the pleasure of your company since I haven't had it
yet.
When you pass away and people ask me what the cause of your death was, I'll
say your stupidity.
Well I'll see you in my dreams - if I eat too much.
I've  had  many  cases  of love that were just infatuation, but this hate I
feel for you is the real thing.
You're the best at all you do - and all you do is make people hate you.
Don't you realize that there are enough people to hate in the world already
without your working so hard to give us another?
The  thing that terrifies me the most is that someone might hate me as much
as I loathe you.
When you get run over by a car it shouldn't be listed under accidents.
All of your ancestors must number in the millions; its hard to believe that
many people are to blame for producing you.
Ever since I saw you in your family tree I've wanted to cut it down.
I  hear  that  when  you were a child your mother wanted to hire someone to
take care of you but the Mafia wanted too much.
I  hear that when your mother first saw you she decided to leave you on the
front steps of a police station while she turned herself in.
You  were  born  because  your  mother  didn't believe in abortion; now she
believes in infanticide.
No  one should be punished for accident of birth but you look too much like
a wreck not to be.
Yours was an unnatural birth; you came from a human being.
You  were the answer to a prayer.  Your parents prayed that the world would
be made to suffer and here you came along.
You're a habit I'd like to kick; with both feet.
I hear the only place you're ever invited is outside.
I would like the pleasure of your company but it only gives me displeasure.
You've never been outspoken; no one has ever been able to.
At  your speed you'd better not stop your mouth too fast or your teeth will
fly through your cranium.
If you ever tax your brain, don't charge more than a penny.
Don't you have a terribly empty feeling ---- in your skull?
You  have  nothing  to fear from my baser instincts; its my finer ones that
tell me to kill you.
It's your life --- but I wish you'd let us have it.
I  don't  consider you a vulture.  I consider you something a vulture would
eat.
I  think you should live for the moment.  But after that I doubt I'll think
so.
Man alive!  But I wish you weren't.
I  believe in respect for the dead; in fact I could only respect you if you
WERE dead.
I  admire  your because I've never had the courage it takes to be a liar, a
thief and a cheat.
You're acquitting yourself in such a way that no jury ever would.
You have a face only a mother could love - and she hates it!
You never strike out blindly; you fail in the light.


Your birth certificate is an apology from the condom factory.

Shut up, you’ll never be the man your mother is.

You must have been born on the highway cause thats where most accidents happen.

It looks like your face caught on fire and someone tried to put it out with a fork.

You’re so ugly Hello Kitty said goodbye to you.

You are so ugly that when your mama dropped you off at school she got a fine for littering.

Your family tree is a cactus because everybody on it is a prick.

If your were twice as smart, you’d still be stupid.

Do you have to leave so soon?  I was just about to poison the tea.

You are so dumb, you think that martial arts are paintings by the sheriff.
I love what you've done with your hair. How did you get it to come out of one nostril like that?
If fat were gasoline, you'd have enough to circle the earth 3 TIMES!
You look like you've been pulled backward through a knothole.
You look like you've been rode hard and put away wet.
Your face can shrivel a man like a 3 hour bath.
Your mother is so big, that her graduation picture had to be an aerial view.
If art imitates life, you'd be a black velvet painting.
What is that on you head? A hairball from a mountain lion?
I'd get more pleasure from running my nostrils down a tree (or cactus), than being with you.
Your mother was raped by a German Shepherd and you are the after effect.
Your face could turn Medusa to stone.
You have the intellegence of a bucket of rocks.
Your origins are so low, you'd have to limbo under your family tree.
You have the shape of a stocking filled with dung.
Your mouth is so big, you could suck an egg from a chicken.
You are as charming as a dead mouse in a loaf of bread.
You have less backbone than a chocolate eclair.
You have the warm personal charm of a millipede.
You are so dumb, that when asked your name, you are stuck for an answer.
Your face looks as if you were weaned on a pickle.
You do not understand men (or women) as you have never successfully depicted one.
You have about as much class as a lawn flamingo.
The eyes are the window to the mind and your eyes look like the holes in a privy.
Your fragrance of choice is "Eau De Skunk".
Please sit down and take a mess off your feet.
You have the face of a saint. Saint Bernard, that is.
You are such a sourpuss, that when you suck a lemon---the lemon makes a face.
I refuse to engage in a battle of wits, as I will not take advantage of the handicapped.
Your skin is so soft, just like the texture of smut that grows on corn.
You have such a full round face---just like a baboon's butt.
If ignorance is bliss, you must be the happiest person on earth.
If brains were wind, you would not have enough to blow your nose.
Your brain is so weak, you have to wear crutches under your ears.
One night spent with you and men volunteer to become eunuchs.
You know, I do understand you. I have a way with dumb animals.
The only time you ever got to second base was at the petting zoo.
Is that your face--or are you breaking it in for a bulldog?
You have an hourglass figure. Too bad the sand settled in all the wrong places.
You have such a striking face. Tell me, how many times were you struck?
Travel broadens a person. You look as if you have been all over the world.
You must have a very large brain, to hold so much ignorance.
A mud pack is good for the complexion. I suggest you leave it on.
You are so dumb, you think "getting lucky" is finding a penny on the ground.
One more wrinkle and you'd pass for a prune.
If ugly were a crime, you'd get a life sentence.
Looking at you, I realize what a waste of skin you are.
You wear so much makeup, that you leave a clown imprint on your pillowcase.
Was it hard learning to be so ugly or were you a quick study?
If your conscience could be surgically removed, it would be a minor operation.
Is that your nose or did you inhale a cantaloupe?
You are so dumb, you think a blood vessel is some kind of ship.
You are so dumb, you planted a dogwood tree and expected a litter of puppies.
You are so dumb, you thought a buttress was a female goat.
You are so dumb, you think manual labor is the president of Mexico.
Stagnant pond scum licker
Maggot muncher
Litreen lips
3 week old road kill
Snail snot
Odiferous octupus ooze
Pompous proliferator of putrid puns
Lizard lips
Vulture vomit
You must come from the shallow end of the gene pool.
You are so ugly, you have put a new definition on road kill.
Your mother is so near-sighted, she propositions statues.
Your face is a waste of molecules.
You perplex me--usually someone with your limited physical appeal makes up for it with a REAL personality.
Waiting for you to say something intelligent is like putting a candle in the window for Jimmy Hoffa.
If Moses had seen your face, there would have been another commandment.
I wish your charm could be bottled--then a cork could be put in it.
Our friendship is like that of a dog to a fire hydrant.
You appear to be the culmination of years of major genetic mishaps.
So--How is that bladder control problem?
You have been fooled more times than a public welfare worker.
They say Will Rogers never met a man he didn't like, obviously he never met you.
I heard you spend your spare time chasing carriages and eating Alpo.
Your simian countenance suggests a heritage unusually rich in species diversity.
Your mother is so fat, she's on both sides of the family.
Your mother is so fat, she had to be baptized in the Atlantic Ocean.
When they made you, they broke the mold---and beat the mold maker.
You are so dumb, when told that it's chilly outside, you get a bowl.
You have such big puppy dog eyes. Reminds me of the dog we put to sleep.
I understand your father found a previously unknown use for sheep...WOOL!
Your mother is so fat that the back of her neck looks like a package of sausages.
Your mother is so fat that before god said, "Let there be light" he told her to move out of the way.
You mother's teeth are so yellow, she can spit butter.
Your mother's teeth are so black, she spits ink.
Your mother is so old, instead of passing gas she passes dust.
I have heard that you have 2 brains! Unfortunately, one is lost and the other is out looking for it.
I understand you have Van Gogh's ear for music.
You lost your mind when a butterfly kicked you in the head.
You're so dumb, you play solitaire...for cash.
Your sister is so ugly, even the tide will not go out with her.
I heard you went to a freak show and got in FREE!
I hear you come from a long line of first cousins.
You've found a new profession, taste-tester for Alpo.
You were so ugly as a child, your mother breast fed you through a straw.
You're so dumb, you need a cue card to say "Huh?"
You're so dumb, your fingers and toes are numbered.
You're so dumb, the only thing you got on your IQ test was drool.
You're so dumb, you need instructions on how to use a rocking chair.
You're so dumb, you stand on a chair to raise your IQ.
I hear you're a farmer's daughter and that you can't keep your calves together.
I hear you're a cabinetmaker's daughter and everyone knows what's in your drawers.
I hear you're a gravedigger's daughter and you'll lie under any sod.
I researched your entire family tree and it seems you were the sap.
I would have been your father (mother), but the dog (sheep) beat me upstairs.
You are so dumb, you got a job climbing trees because you wanted to be a branch manager.
Your mother is like a carpenter's dream...flat as a board and easy to nail.
I heard they peeled off your makeup and found a whole nother painting underneath.
You are so ugly, that in 20 countries it is illegal for you to marry.
If I could afford the wood, I'd have your mouth boarded up.
Your mother is so ugly, that when she entered an ugly contest, they said, "Sorry, no professionals."
Your mother is so fat, her shadow weighs 50 pounds.
Your mother is so fat, when she went to the zoo, elephants threw her peanuts.
Your mother is so ugly, her face can stop a sun dial.
Your breath is so bad, that when you yawn, your teeth duck out of the way.
Your mother is not really so bad. I hear she would give you the hair off her back.
Your mother is so fat, when she took her clothes to be laundered, they said, "Sorry, we don't do tents."
Your mother is so fat, she wears a sign that says, "Caution, Wide Turn".
You're so dumb, you'd have to dig for your IQ.
Your mother is so fat that she sweats bacon grease.
Your mother is twice the man you are.
You are so dumb, you couldn't pour water out of your boots if the instructions were written on the heel.
You're so dumb, you think bigotry is an Italian tree.
You're so dumb, you think a bigamist is Italian fog.
Your family tree is nothing but a rest stop for dogs.
You're so dumb, you think a naval academy is a school for belly-dancers.
Your father is so dumb, he has to take his clothes off to count to 21 and even then he only gets to 20-1/2.
Ever since I saw your family tree, I've wanted to cut it down.
You're so ugly, that when you went to the zoo, a baboon blew in your ear.
I heard your parents took you to a dog show and you won.
You're so stupid that if I gave you a penny for your intelligence, I'd get change back.
I heard they had to burn down the school to get you out of the 3rd grade.
If you spoke your mind, you'd be speechless.
Your parents must really be good people to pick up a piglet by the side of the road and raise it as their own.
Your mother is so fat, she thinks a balanced meal is a ham in each hand.
Your mother is so fat, when she sings - it's over!

Your girlfriend tells me that your lovemaking is like going to the dentist...sit back, relax...you won't feel a thing!
I was going to give you a present but I know not how to wrap a bath tub.  (Eston Woodreef - Barony of Couer dEnnui-SCA)
So you're the one that put the "P" in the Gene Pool!
I've heard your body has been compared to prime real estate...the problem is how many times has it been rented out...or...but the rent is real cheap...or...and tenants keep moving in and out.  (slightly re-written from a clip from a Pro Wrestling ad!)
It's unfortunate about your gambling problem.  I heard last week that you lost you whole paycheck playing solitare!  (Roger- Fencing Booth Practice Dummy)
I heard your family was so poor, that if you weren't a boy there wouldn't have been anything  to play with at all.
Your mother/sister is so ugly that dogs hump their legs with their eyes closed.

Don't get lost in thought; you'll be a total stranger there.
You're good looking in a way, away off.
The more I think of you, the less I think of you.
When you were born something terrible happened, you lived.
You look like a professional blind date.
Don't you ever get tired of having you around?
I don't know what makes you tick, but I hope it's a time bomb.
Someday you'll find yourself, and will you be disappointed.
I know you have to be somebody, but why do you have to be you?
If you said what you thought, you'd be speechless.
You think you're a wit, and you're probably half right.
Why don't you go blow your brains out, you've got nothing to lose.
I like you, I have no taste, but I like you.
I'd like to say I'm glad you’re here; I'd like to say it.
If there's ever a price on your head, take it.
You were born at home, but when your mother saw you she went to the hospital.
Someday you'll go far, and I hope you stay there.
If you stop telling lies about me, I'll stop telling the truth about you.
I wish I had a lower I.Q., so that I could enjoy your company.
I'm not going to get into a battle of wits with you; I never attack anyone who's unarmed.
Is your family happy, or do you go home at night?
You're someone who would make a perfect stranger.
Let's go some place were we can each be alone.
My I have the pleasure of you absence?
You have an open mind, and a mouth to match.
Next time you give your clothes away, stay in them.
Some people bring happiness wherever they go; you bring happiness whenever you go.
I like you better the more I see you less.
You're something that someone would only meet in a nightmare.
I wish your parents had never met.
The sooner I never see you again, the better it'll be for both of us when we meet.
You have such a big mouth; you could eat a banana sideways.
There's only one thing that keeps me from breaking you in half, I don't want two of you around.
Was the ground cold when you crawled out this morning?
Why don't you freeze your teeth and give your tongue a sleigh ride.
You've got a great personality, but not for a human being.
I enjoy talking to you, my mind needs a rest.
If you ever need a friend, you'll have to get a dog.
You're outspoken, but not by anyone I know.
There's enough people in this world who hate you, without you working so hard to get another one.
Thank you; we're all challenged by your unique point of view.
I don't know what your problem is, but I'll bet it's hard to pronounce.
Any connection between your reality and mine is purely coincidental.
I will always cherish the initial misconception I had about you.
How about never? Is never good for you?
I'll try being nicer if you'll try being smarter.
I see you've set aside this special time to humiliate yourself in public.
I don't know what makes you so screwed up, but whatever it is, it works.
You do serve at least one useful purpose in life, as a horrible example.
You've got more talent in your little finger than you have in your big finger.
I'm busy now; can I ignore you some other time?
Are you always this stupid, or are you making a special effort today?
Me, getting smart with you? How would you know?
It's too bad stupidity isn't painful.
Don't say things like that; it just makes you sound stupid. In fact, don't talk at all. It just makes you sound stupid.
Thinking isn't your strong point, is it?
I would probably find you more interesting had I studied psychology.
You're not being sensitive, I really don't like you.
You’re good, being gone.
If I've said anything to offend you, I mean it.
I would love to insult you, but you wouldn't understand.
Is there no beginning to your good taste?
One good thing about you, you’re easy to ignore.
Why do you get up in the morning?
You're a person of rare intelligence; it's rare when you show any.
Hey, I’m sorry, I’m not being rude; it’s just that you don’t matter.
I’d explain it to you, but I don’t have any crayons with me.
I wish we were better strangers.
Why do you have to be that way, you seemed normal until I got to know you?
Do you want me to accept you as you are, or do you want me to like you?
You are no longer beneath my contempt.
Are you a moron, or are you possessed by a retarded ghost?
I can please only one person per day. Today is not your day. Tomorrow isn't looking good either.
So tell me, as an outsider, what do you think of the human race?
I notice that you never let an idea interrupt the flow of your conversation.
Don't try so hard, I couldn't like you any less.
You’re having delusions of competence.

Sometimes I don't know whether to laugh at you or pity you.

When someone's looking at an object (e.g. his wallet) and laughing...
What, does your wallet tell jokes?

When someone does something extremely fast...
You taking steroids?

When someone says, "I feel so stupid"...
It's okay to feel what you are.

When someone is spelling something aloud...
Are you taking part in a spelling bee?

When someone is counting random numbers aloud...
Playing BINGO?

When someone says, "Hey, you wanna hear a joke?"...
It's okay, you're a joke all by yourself.

Looks like I overestimated the number of your brain cells.

When someone says, "I feel so stupid" or something similar...
That's an understatement.

When someone says, "I'm so short!"...
No, you're *quite* tall.
Cheer up! You're still taller than my sausage dog! 

Let's say you're looking at a picture on a book, and someone asks, "What's that?!"...
A book. Duh!

When someone asks, "Why don't you talk to me??"...
You're not worth talking to.
Talking to you doesn't bring any benefits. 

When someone tells you, "John is so ugly!"...
Gee, you remind me of him.

When someone says, "I've a pretty sister."...
Whatever happened to the brother / sister?
When someone says, "Hey, do you know that (blah) (blah) (blah)"...
Alert the media!

When someone says, "Oh, no! I've a pimple! What should I do about it?!"
I've bigger things on my mind to think about than your puny pimple, you know.

When someone says, "Don't tell me you're gonna tell me your parents" or something similar...
I do have a life too, you know.

Someone has a weird or funny name...
Gee, your parents certainly have a weird sense of humour.

When someone says, "I don't know how to do this."...
Ah, I'm not surprised.

When someone asks, "What's happening?!"...
With your IQ, I don't think you can understand.

You're so dumb your IQ and shoe size are the same.

You're so ugly your parents initially wanted to name you Rover.
Your B.O. is so bad you're classified as a potential biological weapon.

When someone delays something...
That will be the time when you get your first grandchild.
That will be the time when [name] stops doing [something he always does] (e.g. That'll be the day when Jack's feet finally smell nice) 

You mean you don't know I've a dog?! Didn't you look in the mirror?!?! *give a shocked look*

Hey, what a coincidence! You've the same name as my dog!

Look at someone's eyes, give a surprised look and exclaim, "The eyes... they look like Aunt Camille's (for males) / Uncle Edgar's (for females)!"

Let's say Dr. John is a victim of manslaughter. Then, someone comes up to you and exclaims surprisingly, "What?! Dr. John got murdered?!?"
No, suicide.

Jack is so funny that he's making everyone laugh AT him, not with him.

Other than being disgusting, irritating, stupid, smelly, [name all the bad stuff you can think of], etc., etc... you're actually quite okay.

When someone asks, "Hey, should I submit this joke to the magazine?"...
Well, you never know. Some low-class species with the same viewpoint as the author might find it funny.

When someone asks, "Do you think this dress is nice?"...
To say that it's nice would be a terrible lie.

You've so many pimples that you remind me of the craters of the moon.

You know why guys / girls don't like you? Look at yourself first.

When someone asks, "Hey, are you gonna mow the lawn now?" when you obviously are going to mow the lawn...
No expressed sarcastically, I'm gonna do it next year.
Then?! Wait for the Winter Olympics??
No, I'm going to take a shower. Duh! 

When someone is doing something (e.g. typing)...
Are you sure you can type?

When someone is hogging the stairs...
Hey, does your grandfather own the stairs?!

When someone expresses frustatedly, "I'm so stupid!"...
Being honest is a good thing.
It's always good to be honest. 

When someone says, "I feel so stupid"...
We know.

When someone plays a practical joke on someone else...
How could you do that?! You could hurt him, you know! Don't you know how bad it could've got?! [continue with all the serious remarks you can think about until he feels terribly guilty]

When someone insults someone else (esp. someone who's disabled)...
How would you know anything about him? Maybe when he was young, his mother died, and his dad married a terrible stepmother. Maybe when he was nine years old, he was knocked down by a lorry, and he ended up in a coma at the hospital. Probably his father had to work long hours day and night just to keep him alive. Maybe when he woke up finally, he wasn't ever the same again. [continue with all the pitiful things you can think about until the person you're talking to feels extremely guilty...]

Ask someone who can't drive, "Hey, are you free on Saturday? Can you send me to [some place]??" Then, before he gets the chance to reply, you say, "Oh, so sorry, I forgot... you *CAN'T* drive."

Don't get lost in thought; you'll be a total stranger there.
You're good looking in a way, away off.
The more I think of you, the less I think of you.
When you were born something terrible happened, you lived.
You look like a professional blind date.
Don't you ever get tired of having you around?
I don't know what makes you tick, but I hope it's a time bomb.
Someday you'll find yourself, and will you be disappointed.
I know you have to be somebody, but why do you have to be you?
If you said what you thought, you'd be speechless.
You think you're a wit, and you're probably half right.
Why don't you go blow your brains out, you've got nothing to lose.
I like you, I have no taste, but I like you.
I'd like to say I'm glad you’re here; I'd like to say it.
If there's ever a price on your head, take it.
You were born at home, but when your mother saw you she went to the hospital.
Someday you'll go far, and I hope you stay there.
If you stop telling lies about me, I'll stop telling the truth about you.
I wish I had a lower I.Q., so that I could enjoy your company.
I'm not going to get into a battle of wits with you; I never attack anyone who's unarmed.
Is your family happy, or do you go home at night?
You're someone who would make a perfect stranger.
Let's go some place were we can each be alone.
My I have the pleasure of you absence?
You have an open mind, and a mouth to match.
Next time you give your clothes away, stay in them.
Some people bring happiness wherever they go; you bring happiness whenever you go.
I like you better the more I see you less.
You're something that someone would only meet in a nightmare.
I wish your parents had never met.
The sooner I never see you again, the better it'll be for both of us when we meet.
You have such a big mouth; you could eat a banana sideways.
There's only one thing that keeps me from breaking you in half, I don't want two of you around.
Was the ground cold when you crawled out this morning?
Why don't you freeze your teeth and give your tongue a sleigh ride.
You've got a great personality, but not for a human being.
I enjoy talking to you, my mind needs a rest.
If you ever need a friend, you'll have to get a dog.
You're outspoken, but not by anyone I know.
There's enough people in this world who hate you, without you working so hard to get another one.
Thank you; we're all challenged by your unique point of view.
I don't know what your problem is, but I'll bet it's hard to pronounce.
Any connection between your reality and mine is purely coincidental.
I will always cherish the initial misconception I had about you.
How about never? Is never good for you?
I'll try being nicer if you'll try being smarter.
I see you've set aside this special time to humiliate yourself in public.
I don't know what makes you so screwed up, but whatever it is, it works.
You do serve at least one useful purpose in life, as a horrible example.
You've got more talent in your little finger than you have in your big finger.
I'm busy now; can I ignore you some other time?
Are you always this stupid, or are you making a special effort today?
Me, getting smart with you? How would you know?
It's too bad stupidity isn't painful.
Don't say things like that; it just makes you sound stupid. In fact, don't talk at all. It just makes you sound stupid.
Thinking isn't your strong point, is it?
I would probably find you more interesting had I studied psychology.
You're not being sensitive, I really don't like you.
You’re good, being gone.
If I've said anything to offend you, I mean it.
I would love to insult you, but you wouldn't understand.
Is there no beginning to your good taste?
One good thing about you, you’re easy to ignore.
Why do you get up in the morning?
You're a person of rare intelligence; it's rare when you show any.
Hey, I’m sorry, I’m not being rude; it’s just that you don’t matter.
I’d explain it to you, but I don’t have any crayons with me.
I wish we were better strangers.
Why do you have to be that way, you seemed normal until I got to know you?
Do you want me to accept you as you are, or do you want me to like you?
You are no longer beneath my contempt.
Are you a moron, or are you possessed by a retarded ghost?
I can please only one person per day. Today is not your day. Tomorrow isn't looking good either.
So tell me, as an outsider, what do you think of the human race?
I notice that you never let an idea interrupt the flow of your conversation.
Don't try so hard, I couldn't like you any less.
You’re having delusions of competence.

Sometimes I don't know whether to laugh at you or pity you.

When someone's looking at an object (e.g. his wallet) and laughing...
What, does your wallet tell jokes?

When someone does something extremely fast...
You taking steroids?

When someone says, "I feel so stupid"...
It's okay to feel what you are.

When someone is spelling something aloud...
Are you taking part in a spelling bee?

When someone is counting random numbers aloud...
Playing BINGO?

When someone says, "Hey, you wanna hear a joke?"...
It's okay, you're a joke all by yourself.

Looks like I overestimated the number of your brain cells.

When someone says, "I feel so stupid" or something similar...
That's an understatement.

When someone says, "I'm so short!"...
No, you're *quite* tall.
Cheer up! You're still taller than my sausage dog! 

Let's say you're looking at a picture on a book, and someone asks, "What's that?!"...
A book. Duh!

When someone asks, "Why don't you talk to me??"...
You're not worth talking to.
Talking to you doesn't bring any benefits. 

When someone tells you, "John is so ugly!"...
Gee, you remind me of him.

When someone says, "I've a pretty sister."...
Whatever happened to the brother / sister?
When someone says, "Hey, do you know that (blah) (blah) (blah)"...
Alert the media!

When someone says, "Oh, no! I've a pimple! What should I do about it?!"
I've bigger things on my mind to think about than your puny pimple, you know.

When someone says, "Don't tell me you're gonna tell me your parents" or something similar...
I do have a life too, you know.

Someone has a weird or funny name...
Gee, your parents certainly have a weird sense of humour.

When someone says, "I don't know how to do this."...
Ah, I'm not surprised.

When someone asks, "What's happening?!"...
With your IQ, I don't think you can understand.

You're so dumb your IQ and shoe size are the same.

You're so ugly your parents initially wanted to name you Rover.
Your B.O. is so bad you're classified as a potential biological weapon.

When someone delays something...
That will be the time when you get your first grandchild.
That will be the time when [name] stops doing [something he always does] (e.g. That'll be the day when Jack's feet finally smell nice) 

You mean you don't know I've a dog?! Didn't you look in the mirror?!?! *give a shocked look*

Hey, what a coincidence! You've the same name as my dog!

Look at someone's eyes, give a surprised look and exclaim, "The eyes... they look like Aunt Camille's (for males) / Uncle Edgar's (for females)!"

Let's say Dr. John is a victim of manslaughter. Then, someone comes up to you and exclaims surprisingly, "What?! Dr. John got murdered?!?"
No, suicide.

Jack is so funny that he's making everyone laugh AT him, not with him.

Other than being disgusting, irritating, stupid, smelly, [name all the bad stuff you can think of], etc., etc... you're actually quite okay.

When someone asks, "Hey, should I submit this joke to the magazine?"...
Well, you never know. Some low-class species with the same viewpoint as the author might find it funny.

When someone asks, "Do you think this dress is nice?"...
To say that it's nice would be a terrible lie.

You've so many pimples that you remind me of the craters of the moon.

You know why guys / girls don't like you? Look at yourself first.

When someone asks, "Hey, are you gonna mow the lawn now?" when you obviously are going to mow the lawn...
No expressed sarcastically, I'm gonna do it next year.
Then?! Wait for the Winter Olympics??
No, I'm going to take a shower. Duh! 

When someone is doing something (e.g. typing)...
Are you sure you can type?

When someone is hogging the stairs...
Hey, does your grandfather own the stairs?!

When someone expresses frustatedly, "I'm so stupid!"...
Being honest is a good thing.
It's always good to be honest. 

When someone says, "I feel so stupid"...
We know.

When someone plays a practical joke on someone else...
How could you do that?! You could hurt him, you know! Don't you know how bad it could've got?! [continue with all the serious remarks you can think about until he feels terribly guilty]

When someone insults someone else (esp. someone who's disabled)...
How would you know anything about him? Maybe when he was young, his mother died, and his dad married a terrible stepmother. Maybe when he was nine years old, he was knocked down by a lorry, and he ended up in a coma at the hospital. Probably his father had to work long hours day and night just to keep him alive. Maybe when he woke up finally, he wasn't ever the same again. [continue with all the pitiful things you can think about until the person you're talking to feels extremely guilty...]

Ask someone who can't drive, "Hey, are you free on Saturday? Can you send me to [some place]??" Then, before he gets the chance to reply, you say, "Oh, so sorry, I forgot... you *CAN'T* drive."

When you tell someone "I'm 19.", and after thinking for a while, he replies, "So, I guess that you're born in 19xx?"... Gee, they do teach you stuff at Taylor's. [replace "Taylor's" with the educational institution your victim is in]

You look like my grandma's grandmother!

When someone keeps referring to someone else as "the guy" or "the girl" or "my friend"...
Hey, doesn't he / she has a name? Even animals have names nowadays!

When someone insults you sarcastically and asks you, "Was that remark sarcastic or what?!"...
No, it's a downright lame insult.

When your younger sibling says "My Maths is getting better" or something similar...
Looks like the skills I've passed down to you have paid off after all.

Gee, the dress she's wearing sure looks nice... but NOT on her.

When someone asks, "Why can't I do this?"...
Maybe it's inheritance.
Maybe it's in your genes. 

When someone says, "Hey, let me tell you a joke"

Don't get lost in thought; you'll be a total stranger there.
You're good looking in a way, away off.
The more I think of you, the less I think of you.
When you were born something terrible happened, you lived.
You look like a professional blind date.
Don't you ever get tired of having you around?
I don't know what makes you tick, but I hope it's a time bomb.
Someday you'll find yourself, and will you be disappointed.
I know you have to be somebody, but why do you have to be you?
If you said what you thought, you'd be speechless.
You think you're a wit, and you're probably half right.
Why don't you go blow your brains out, you've got nothing to lose.
I like you, I have no taste, but I like you.
I'd like to say I'm glad you’re here; I'd like to say it.
If there's ever a price on your head, take it.
You were born at home, but when your mother saw you she went to the hospital.
Someday you'll go far, and I hope you stay there.
If you stop telling lies about me, I'll stop telling the truth about you.
I wish I had a lower I.Q., so that I could enjoy your company.
I'm not going to get into a battle of wits with you; I never attack anyone who's unarmed.
Is your family happy, or do you go home at night?
You're someone who would make a perfect stranger.
Let's go some place were we can each be alone.
My I have the pleasure of you absence?
You have an open mind, and a mouth to match.
Next time you give your clothes away, stay in them.
Some people bring happiness wherever they go; you bring happiness whenever you go.
I like you better the more I see you less.
You're something that someone would only meet in a nightmare.
I wish your parents had never met.
The sooner I never see you again, the better it'll be for both of us when we meet.
You have such a big mouth; you could eat a banana sideways.
There's only one thing that keeps me from breaking you in half, I don't want two of you around.
Was the ground cold when you crawled out this morning?
Why don't you freeze your teeth and give your tongue a sleigh ride.
You've got a great personality, but not for a human being.
I enjoy talking to you, my mind needs a rest.
If you ever need a friend, you'll have to get a dog.
You're outspoken, but not by anyone I know.
There's enough people in this world who hate you, without you working so hard to get another one.
Thank you; we're all challenged by your unique point of view.
I don't know what your problem is, but I'll bet it's hard to pronounce.
Any connection between your reality and mine is purely coincidental.
I will always cherish the initial misconception I had about you.
How about never? Is never good for you?
I'll try being nicer if you'll try being smarter.
I see you've set aside this special time to humiliate yourself in public.
I don't know what makes you so screwed up, but whatever it is, it works.
You do serve at least one useful purpose in life, as a horrible example.
You've got more talent in your little finger than you have in your big finger.
I'm busy now; can I ignore you some other time?
Are you always this stupid, or are you making a special effort today?
Me, getting smart with you? How would you know?
It's too bad stupidity isn't painful.
Don't say things like that; it just makes you sound stupid. In fact, don't talk at all. It just makes you sound stupid.
Thinking isn't your strong point, is it?
I would probably find you more interesting had I studied psychology.
You're not being sensitive, I really don't like you.
You’re good, being gone.
If I've said anything to offend you, I mean it.
I would love to insult you, but you wouldn't understand.
Is there no beginning to your good taste?
One good thing about you, you’re easy to ignore.
Why do you get up in the morning?
You're a person of rare intelligence; it's rare when you show any.
Hey, I’m sorry, I’m not being rude; it’s just that you don’t matter.
I’d explain it to you, but I don’t have any crayons with me.
I wish we were better strangers.
Why do you have to be that way, you seemed normal until I got to know you?
Do you want me to accept you as you are, or do you want me to like you?
You are no longer beneath my contempt.
Are you a moron, or are you possessed by a retarded ghost?
I can please only one person per day. Today is not your day. Tomorrow isn't looking good either.
So tell me, as an outsider, what do you think of the human race?
I notice that you never let an idea interrupt the flow of your conversation.
Don't try so hard, I couldn't like you any less.
You’re having delusions of competence.

Sometimes I don't know whether to laugh at you or pity you.

When someone's looking at an object (e.g. his wallet) and laughing...
What, does your wallet tell jokes?

When someone does something extremely fast...
You taking steroids?

When someone says, "I feel so stupid"...
It's okay to feel what you are.

When someone is spelling something aloud...
Are you taking part in a spelling bee?

When someone is counting random numbers aloud...
Playing BINGO?

When someone says, "Hey, you wanna hear a joke?"...
It's okay, you're a joke all by yourself.

Looks like I overestimated the number of your brain cells.

When someone says, "I feel so stupid" or something similar...
That's an understatement.

When someone says, "I'm so short!"...
No, you're *quite* tall.
Cheer up! You're still taller than my sausage dog! 

Let's say you're looking at a picture on a book, and someone asks, "What's that?!"...
A book. Duh!

When someone asks, "Why don't you talk to me??"...
You're not worth talking to.
Talking to you doesn't bring any benefits. 

When someone tells you, "John is so ugly!"...
Gee, you remind me of him.

When someone says, "I've a pretty sister."...
Whatever happened to the brother / sister?
When someone says, "Hey, do you know that (blah) (blah) (blah)"...
Alert the media!

When someone says, "Oh, no! I've a pimple! What should I do about it?!"
I've bigger things on my mind to think about than your puny pimple, you know.

When someone says, "Don't tell me you're gonna tell me your parents" or something similar...
I do have a life too, you know.

Someone has a weird or funny name...
Gee, your parents certainly have a weird sense of humour.

When someone says, "I don't know how to do this."...
Ah, I'm not surprised.

When someone asks, "What's happening?!"...
With your IQ, I don't think you can understand.

You're so dumb your IQ and shoe size are the same.

You're so ugly your parents initially wanted to name you Rover.
Your B.O. is so bad you're classified as a potential biological weapon.

When someone delays something...
That will be the time when you get your first grandchild.
That will be the time when [name] stops doing [something he always does] (e.g. That'll be the day when Jack's feet finally smell nice) 

You mean you don't know I've a dog?! Didn't you look in the mirror?!?! *give a shocked look*

Hey, what a coincidence! You've the same name as my dog!

Look at someone's eyes, give a surprised look and exclaim, "The eyes... they look like Aunt Camille's (for males) / Uncle Edgar's (for females)!"

Let's say Dr. John is a victim of manslaughter. Then, someone comes up to you and exclaims surprisingly, "What?! Dr. John got murdered?!?"
No, suicide.

Jack is so funny that he's making everyone laugh AT him, not with him.

Other than being disgusting, irritating, stupid, smelly, [name all the bad stuff you can think of], etc., etc... you're actually quite okay.

When someone asks, "Hey, should I submit this joke to the magazine?"...
Well, you never know. Some low-class species with the same viewpoint as the author might find it funny.

When someone asks, "Do you think this dress is nice?"...
To say that it's nice would be a terrible lie.

You've so many pimples that you remind me of the craters of the moon.

You know why guys / girls don't like you? Look at yourself first.

When someone asks, "Hey, are you gonna mow the lawn now?" when you obviously are going to mow the lawn...
No expressed sarcastically, I'm gonna do it next year.
Then?! Wait for the Winter Olympics??
No, I'm going to take a shower. Duh! 

When someone is doing something (e.g. typing)...
Are you sure you can type?

When someone is hogging the stairs...
Hey, does your grandfather own the stairs?!

When someone expresses frustatedly, "I'm so stupid!"...
Being honest is a good thing.
It's always good to be honest. 

When someone says, "I feel so stupid"...
We know.

When someone plays a practical joke on someone else...
How could you do that?! You could hurt him, you know! Don't you know how bad it could've got?! [continue with all the serious remarks you can think about until he feels terribly guilty]

When someone insults someone else (esp. someone who's disabled)...
How would you know anything about him? Maybe when he was young, his mother died, and his dad married a terrible stepmother. Maybe when he was nine years old, he was knocked down by a lorry, and he ended up in a coma at the hospital. Probably his father had to work long hours day and night just to keep him alive. Maybe when he woke up finally, he wasn't ever the same again. [continue with all the pitiful things you can think about until the person you're talking to feels extremely guilty...]

Ask someone who can't drive, "Hey, are you free on Saturday? Can you send me to [some place]??" Then, before he gets the chance to reply, you say, "Oh, so sorry, I forgot... you *CAN'T* drive."

When you tell someone "I'm 19.", and after thinking for a while, he replies, "So, I guess that you're born in 19xx?"... Gee, they do teach you stuff at Taylor's. [replace "Taylor's" with the educational institution your victim is in]

You look like my grandma's grandmother!

When someone keeps referring to someone else as "the guy" or "the girl" or "my friend"...
Hey, doesn't he / she has a name? Even animals have names nowadays!

When someone insults you sarcastically and asks you, "Was that remark sarcastic or what?!"...
No, it's a downright lame insult.

When your younger sibling says "My Maths is getting better" or something similar...
Looks like the skills I've passed down to you have paid off after all.

Gee, the dress she's wearing sure looks nice... but NOT on her.

When someone asks, "Why can't I do this?"...
Maybe it's inheritance.
Maybe it's in your genes. 

When someone says, "Hey, let me tell you a joke"

When you tell someone "I'm 19.", and after thinking for a while, he replies, "So, I guess that you're born in 19xx?"... Gee, they do teach you stuff at Taylor's. [replace "Taylor's" with the educational institution your victim is in]

You look like my grandma's grandmother!

When someone keeps referring to someone else as "the guy" or "the girl" or "my friend"...
Hey, doesn't he / she has a name? Even animals have names nowadays!

When someone insults you sarcastically and asks you, "Was that remark sarcastic or what?!"...
No, it's a downright lame insult.

When your younger sibling says "My Maths is getting better" or something similar...
Looks like the skills I've passed down to you have paid off after all.

Gee, the dress she's wearing sure looks nice... but NOT on her.

When someone asks, "Why can't I do this?"...
Maybe it's inheritance.
Maybe it's in your genes. 

When someone says, "Hey, let me tell you a joke"

Don't get lost in thought; you'll be a total stranger there.
You're good looking in a way, away off.
The more I think of you, the less I think of you.
When you were born something terrible happened, you lived.
You look like a professional blind date.
Don't you ever get tired of having you around?
I don't know what makes you tick, but I hope it's a time bomb.
Someday you'll find yourself, and will you be disappointed.
I know you have to be somebody, but why do you have to be you?
If you said what you thought, you'd be speechless.
You think you're a wit, and you're probably half right.
Why don't you go blow your brains out, you've got nothing to lose.
I like you, I have no taste, but I like you.
I'd like to say I'm glad you’re here; I'd like to say it.
If there's ever a price on your head, take it.
You were born at home, but when your mother saw you she went to the hospital.
Someday you'll go far, and I hope you stay there.
If you stop telling lies about me, I'll stop telling the truth about you.
I wish I had a lower I.Q., so that I could enjoy your company.
I'm not going to get into a battle of wits with you; I never attack anyone who's unarmed.
Is your family happy, or do you go home at night?
You're someone who would make a perfect stranger.
Let's go some place were we can each be alone.
My I have the pleasure of you absence?
You have an open mind, and a mouth to match.
Next time you give your clothes away, stay in them.
Some people bring happiness wherever they go; you bring happiness whenever you go.
I like you better the more I see you less.
You're something that someone would only meet in a nightmare.
I wish your parents had never met.
The sooner I never see you again, the better it'll be for both of us when we meet.
You have such a big mouth; you could eat a banana sideways.
There's only one thing that keeps me from breaking you in half, I don't want two of you around.
Was the ground cold when you crawled out this morning?
Why don't you freeze your teeth and give your tongue a sleigh ride.
You've got a great personality, but not for a human being.
I enjoy talking to you, my mind needs a rest.
If you ever need a friend, you'll have to get a dog.
You're outspoken, but not by anyone I know.
There's enough people in this world who hate you, without you working so hard to get another one.
Thank you; we're all challenged by your unique point of view.
I don't know what your problem is, but I'll bet it's hard to pronounce.
Any connection between your reality and mine is purely coincidental.
I will always cherish the initial misconception I had about you.
How about never? Is never good for you?
I'll try being nicer if you'll try being smarter.
I see you've set aside this special time to humiliate yourself in public.
I don't know what makes you so screwed up, but whatever it is, it works.
You do serve at least one useful purpose in life, as a horrible example.
You've got more talent in your little finger than you have in your big finger.
I'm busy now; can I ignore you some other time?
Are you always this stupid, or are you making a special effort today?
Me, getting smart with you? How would you know?
It's too bad stupidity isn't painful.
Don't say things like that; it just makes you sound stupid. In fact, don't talk at all. It just makes you sound stupid.
Thinking isn't your strong point, is it?
I would probably find you more interesting had I studied psychology.
You're not being sensitive, I really don't like you.
You’re good, being gone.
If I've said anything to offend you, I mean it.
I would love to insult you, but you wouldn't understand.
Is there no beginning to your good taste?
One good thing about you, you’re easy to ignore.
Why do you get up in the morning?
You're a person of rare intelligence; it's rare when you show any.
Hey, I’m sorry, I’m not being rude; it’s just that you don’t matter.
I’d explain it to you, but I don’t have any crayons with me.
I wish we were better strangers.
Why do you have to be that way, you seemed normal until I got to know you?
Do you want me to accept you as you are, or do you want me to like you?
You are no longer beneath my contempt.
Are you a moron, or are you possessed by a retarded ghost?
I can please only one person per day. Today is not your day. Tomorrow isn't looking good either.
So tell me, as an outsider, what do you think of the human race?
I notice that you never let an idea interrupt the flow of your conversation.
Don't try so hard, I couldn't like you any less.
You’re having delusions of competence.

Sometimes I don't know whether to laugh at you or pity you.

When someone's looking at an object (e.g. his wallet) and laughing...
What, does your wallet tell jokes?

When someone does something extremely fast...
You taking steroids?

When someone says, "I feel so stupid"...
It's okay to feel what you are.

When someone is spelling something aloud...
Are you taking part in a spelling bee?

When someone is counting random numbers aloud...
Playing BINGO?

When someone says, "Hey, you wanna hear a joke?"...
It's okay, you're a joke all by yourself.

Looks like I overestimated the number of your brain cells.

When someone says, "I feel so stupid" or something similar...
That's an understatement.

When someone says, "I'm so short!"...
No, you're *quite* tall.
Cheer up! You're still taller than my sausage dog! 

Let's say you're looking at a picture on a book, and someone asks, "What's that?!"...
A book. Duh!

When someone asks, "Why don't you talk to me??"...
You're not worth talking to.
Talking to you doesn't bring any benefits. 

When someone tells you, "John is so ugly!"...
Gee, you remind me of him.

When someone says, "I've a pretty sister."...
Whatever happened to the brother / sister?
When someone says, "Hey, do you know that (blah) (blah) (blah)"...
Alert the media!

When someone says, "Oh, no! I've a pimple! What should I do about it?!"
I've bigger things on my mind to think about than your puny pimple, you know.

When someone says, "Don't tell me you're gonna tell me your parents" or something similar...
I do have a life too, you know.

Someone has a weird or funny name...
Gee, your parents certainly have a weird sense of humour.

When someone says, "I don't know how to do this."...
Ah, I'm not surprised.

When someone asks, "What's happening?!"...
With your IQ, I don't think you can understand.

You're so dumb your IQ and shoe size are the same.

You're so ugly your parents initially wanted to name you Rover.
Your B.O. is so bad you're classified as a potential biological weapon.

When someone delays something...
That will be the time when you get your first grandchild.
That will be the time when [name] stops doing [something he always does] (e.g. That'll be the day when Jack's feet finally smell nice) 

You mean you don't know I've a dog?! Didn't you look in the mirror?!?! *give a shocked look*

Hey, what a coincidence! You've the same name as my dog!

Look at someone's eyes, give a surprised look and exclaim, "The eyes... they look like Aunt Camille's (for males) / Uncle Edgar's (for females)!"

Let's say Dr. John is a victim of manslaughter. Then, someone comes up to you and exclaims surprisingly, "What?! Dr. John got murdered?!?"
No, suicide.

Jack is so funny that he's making everyone laugh AT him, not with him.

Other than being disgusting, irritating, stupid, smelly, [name all the bad stuff you can think of], etc., etc... you're actually quite okay.

When someone asks, "Hey, should I submit this joke to the magazine?"...
Well, you never know. Some low-class species with the same viewpoint as the author might find it funny.

When someone asks, "Do you think this dress is nice?"...
To say that it's nice would be a terrible lie.

You've so many pimples that you remind me of the craters of the moon.

You know why guys / girls don't like you? Look at yourself first.

When someone asks, "Hey, are you gonna mow the lawn now?" when you obviously are going to mow the lawn...
No expressed sarcastically, I'm gonna do it next year.
Then?! Wait for the Winter Olympics??
No, I'm going to take a shower. Duh! 

When someone is doing something (e.g. typing)...
Are you sure you can type?

When someone is hogging the stairs...
Hey, does your grandfather own the stairs?!

When someone expresses frustatedly, "I'm so stupid!"...
Being honest is a good thing.
It's always good to be honest. 

When someone says, "I feel so stupid"...
We know.

When someone plays a practical joke on someone else...
How could you do that?! You could hurt him, you know! Don't you know how bad it could've got?! [continue with all the serious remarks you can think about until he feels terribly guilty]

When someone insults someone else (esp. someone who's disabled)...
How would you know anything about him? Maybe when he was young, his mother died, and his dad married a terrible stepmother. Maybe when he was nine years old, he was knocked down by a lorry, and he ended up in a coma at the hospital. Probably his father had to work long hours day and night just to keep him alive. Maybe when he woke up finally, he wasn't ever the same again. [continue with all the pitiful things you can think about until the person you're talking to feels extremely guilty...]

Ask someone who can't drive, "Hey, are you free on Saturday? Can you send me to [some place]??" Then, before he gets the chance to reply, you say, "Oh, so sorry, I forgot... you *CAN'T* drive."

When you tell someone "I'm 19.", and after thinking for a while, he replies, "So, I guess that you're born in 19xx?"... Gee, they do teach you stuff at Taylor's. [replace "Taylor's" with the educational institution your victim is in]

You look like my grandma's grandmother!

When someone keeps referring to someone else as "the guy" or "the girl" or "my friend"...
Hey, doesn't he / she has a name? Even animals have names nowadays!

When someone insults you sarcastically and asks you, "Was that remark sarcastic or what?!"...
No, it's a downright lame insult.

When your younger sibling says "My Maths is getting better" or something similar...
Looks like the skills I've passed down to you have paid off after all.

Gee, the dress she's wearing sure looks nice... but NOT on her.

When someone asks, "Why can't I do this?"...
Maybe it's inheritance.
Maybe it's in your genes. 

When someone says, "Hey, let me tell you a joke"