"Did you just get hit in the head with a baseball? Because I think you're swell!"

"Do you drive a Prius? Because up until now we've been pre-us."

"Excuse me, do bras come in size perfect? Because I'd buy that for you. Seriously, what's your cup size?"

"Our long term relationship starts (looks at watch)....now."

"I feel like a Toyota because I couldn't stop myself from accelerating over to you."

See many more after the jump.

"Hello, I'm bisexual. I'd like to BUY you a drink...and then get sexual."


"Are you from Tennessee? Because...I'm very interested in that region."


"Are you from Tennessee? Because you look like former professional tennis player Steffi Graf, see?" (holds up mirror)


"Are you from Tennessee? Because I'd like to buy you a Hennessy."


"Are you a musician vampire? Because my organ is filling up with blood."


"Have you been eating a lot? Because I think you're beautiFULL."


"Are you from Alaska? Because Alaskya to french me."


"Do you remember Mike Seaver's best friend Boner on Growing Pains? Well, that's also the name of my best friend. Would you like to meet him?"


"You remind me of Larry Bird because I feel the need to double team you."


"The only STD I have is sexually transmitted desire...for you."

Do you have a sunburn, or are you always this hot?  
I wish I was an Ion so I could form an exothermic bond with you.    
Are you a keyboard? Because you're my type! 
You must be Windows 95 because you've got me feeling so unstable.   
I know I don't have a chance, but I just wanted to hear an angel speak. 
Me without you is like a nerd without braces, A shoe without laces, aSentenceWithoutSpaces. 
If kisses were snowflakes, I’d send you a blizzard. 
I'll be Burger King and you be McDonald's. I'll have it my way, and you'll be lovin' it.    
You may fall from the sky, you may fall from a tree, but the best way to fall... is in love with me.

If I asked you to go to bed with me, would your answer be the same as the answer to this question?

(This was sent to me by a lady) A guy approached her and said "I have the F the C and the K, now all I need is U." It didn't work!!!!

That dress would look awfully nice on the floor next to my bed...

Do you want to see something swell?

Hey babe....do you realize that my mouth can generate over 750 psi?

What do you like for breakfast?

Is that a tic-tac in your pocket or are you just glad to see me?

Hi there! I'm interested in having breakfast with you. 
Can I call you or nudge you?

Excuse me. Do you wanna f**k or should I apologize?

Irish : Have you got a little Irish in you? 
She: Uh...no.... 
Irish: Well, do you want some?
If you were a booger, I'd pick you.
Pardon me but I was just about to go home and masturbate and I was wondering if you'd mind if I fantasize about you?
Do you have a map? Because I'm lost in your eyes
Say, didn't we go to different schools together?
I'm Burger King and you are McDonald's, I'll have it my way and you will be lovin' it
Wanna fuck like bunnies?
If I could rearange the alphabet I'd put U and I together..
Why don't you come on over here, sit on my lap, and we'll talk about the first thing that pops up?
Your name must be Campbells 'cus you're mmm mmm good
I had a friend who used to hand out calling cards which said: 
Smile if you want to sleep with me then watch the victim try to hold back her smile...
You must be a parking ticket cause you got fine written all over you.
Pardon me miss, but I couldn't help noticing that you have cum in your hair.
Are you from Tennessee cause you're the only ten I see?
Can I buy you a drink, or do you just want the money?
You must work at KFC cause those are great breasts and legs
Would you like to dance, or should I go fuck myself again?
Do you work for UPS? Because I swear I saw you checkin' out my package.
Hey baby, let's go make some babies.
I Lost my number, can I have yours?
At the office copy machine: Reproducing eh? Can I help?
Sit on my lap and we'll talk about the first thing that pops up.
Would you like Gin and platonic, or do you prefer Scotch and sofa?
You're like a dictionary ... you add meaning to my life.
Is that a mirror in your pocket? Cause I can definitely see myself in your pants.
Would you like to see my boa constrictor?
Is that a false nose?" 
Do you have a bandaid? I scraped my knee when I fell for you
Did you fart? Because you just blew me away!
You look like a hooker I knew in Fresno.
I'm drunk.
Hi, my friends call me Creepy.
Would you like to come to a party in my toolshed?" 
I just threw up.
You're ugly but you intrigue me.
I had to find out what kind of woman would go out dressed like that.
I just ate some skittles, do you want to taste the rainbow?
Gee, you don't sweat much for a fat chick.
Have you ever kissed a rabbit between the ears? (pull out your pockets) Do you want to?
Miss, If you've lost your virginity, can I have the box it came in?
My love for you is like diarrhea, I just can't hold it in.
Motion your finger to a girl to get her to come your way. 
When she arrives say, "I knew if I fingered you long enough you would c*m.
I wish I was your derivitive so I could lie tangent to your curves
Hey babe, how about a pizza and a f**k? 
And when she says "No".... 
What's the matter, don't like pizza?
Are you Madonna, cause you like a virgin?
I've had quite a bit to drink, and you're beginning to look pretty good.
Hello, I just wanted to show this rose how beautiful you are.
She (to passing man): Excuse me, do you have the time? 
He: Do you have the energy?
Are you Madonna, cause you like a virgin?
What is your favorite position on extramarital sex?
I miss my teddy bear. Would you sleep with me?
Stand back, I'm a doctor. You go get an ambulance, I'll loosen her clothes.
If i said you had a nice body . . . would you hold it agaist me?
Hello, Love, - Do you spit or swallow?
Are those space pants you're wearing. because your ass is out of this world
You look like the type of girl who has heard every line in the book... 
So what's one more??
You walk over and hold out your hand will you hold this while I take a walk?
Nice shoes. Wanna f*ck?

Would you like to have morning coffee with me?

Excuse me, do you wanna spoon or should I apologize?

The best pickup line I witnessed was a friend of mine who walked up to a young lady in a club and asked "Are you ready to go home now?". They left together.

Hi, the voices in my head told me to come over and talk to you.

That's a nice dress - could I talk you out of it?

If I told you that you have a nice body, would you hold _IT_ against me?

When asked for a match: 
How about the hair on my head and the hair between your legs?
I want to melt in your mouth, not in your hand. 
2. Can I borrow a quarter? ["What for?"] I want to call my mom and 
tell her I just met the girl of my dreams. 
OR: 
I want to call your mother and thank her. 
3. Is your daddy a thief? ["No."] Then how did he steal the sparkle of 
the stars and put it in your eyes? [Be ready with a snappy answer in 
case they say "yes."] 
4. You're so hot you melt the plastic in my underwear. 
5. Would you be my love buffet? So I can lay you out on the table and 
take what I want? 
6. Let's go to my place and do the things I'll tell everyone we did anyway. 
7. The word of the day is "legs." Let's go back to my place and spread 
the word. 
8. Do your legs hurt from running through my dreams all night? 
9. That outfit would look great in a crumpled heap on my bedroom floor 
tomorrow morning. 
10. My name's [your name]. That's so you know what to scream. 
11. My name's [your name], but you can call me "lover." 
12. Nice shoes. Wanna fuck? 
13. Can I flirt with you? 
14. Your daddy must have been a baker, 'cause you've got a nice set of 
buns. 
15. [Look at his/her shirt label. When they say, "What are you doing?":] 
Checking to see if you were made in heaven. 
OR: 
Checking to see if you're the right size. 
16. All those curves, and me with no brakes. 
17. If I told you you had a beautiful body, would you hold it against me? 
18. Fuck me if I'm wrong, but don't you want to kiss me? 
19. I like every bone in your body, especially mine. 
20. [Grab his/her tush.] Pardon me, is this seat taken? 
21. Is it hot in here or is it just you? 

Nice socks. Can I try them on after we have sex?
Yo mama is so fat that her bellybutton gets home 15 minutes before she does.
Yo mama is so fat that when she was diagnosed with a flesh-eating disease, the doctor gave her ten years to live.
Yo mama is so fat that the National Weather Service names each one of her farts.
Yo mama is so fat that when she wears a yellow raincoat, people yell "taxi!"
Yo mama is so fat that she sat on a dollar and squeezed a booger out George Washington's nose.
Yo mama is so fat that when she gets in an elevator, it has to go down.
Yo mama is so fat that when her beeper goes off, people think she's backing up.
Yo mama is so fat that she has to iron her pants on the driveway.
Yo mama is so fat that she left the house in high heels and came back wearing flip flops.

Yo mama is so fat that when she climbed onto a diving board at the beach, the lifeguard told your dad "sorry, you can't park here".
Yo mama is so fat that her cereal bowl came with a lifeguard.
Yo mama is so fat that she looks like she’s smuggling a Volkswagen.
Yo mama is so fat that when she got her shoes shined, she had to take the guy’s word for it.
Yo mama is so fat that when she sings, it’s over for everybody.
Yo mama is so fat that when she ran away, they had to use all four sides of the milk carton to display her picture.
Yo mama is so fat that when she was growing up she didn’t play with dolls, she played with 
Yo mama is so fat that she puts mayonnaise on aspirin.
Yo mama is so fat that she was born with a silver shovel in her mouth.
Yo mama is so fat that when she hauls ass, she has to make two trips.
Yo mama is so fat that she had to go to Sea World to get baptized.
Yo mama is so fat that her bellybutton’s got an echo.
Yo mama is so fat that when she turns around people throw her a welcome back party.
Yo mama is so fat that her belly button doesn’t have lint, it has sweaters.
Yo mama is so fat that a picture of her would fall off the wall.
Yo mama is so fat that when she takes a shower, her feet don’t get wet.
Yo mama is so fat that she puts on her lipstick with a paint-roller!
Yo mama is so fat that she could sell shade.
Yo mama is so fat that I ran around her twice and got lost.
Yo mama is so fat that the shadow of her butt weighs 100 pounds.
Yo mama is so fat that when she’s standing on the corner police drive by and yell, “Hey, break it up.”
Yo mama is so fat that her blood type is Ragu.
Yo mama is so fat that when she runs the fifty-yard dash she needs an overnight bag.
Yo mama is so fat that she can’t even fit into an AOL chat room.
Yo mama is so fat when she goes skydiving she doesn't use a parachute to land, she uses a twin-engine plane!
Yo mama is so fat MTX audio's subwoofers couldn't rattle her bones!
Yo mama is so fat her headphones are a pair of PA speakers connected to a car amplifier.
Yo mama is so fat that she doesn’t have a tailor, she has a contractor.
Yo mama is so fat that eating contests have banned her because she is unfair competition.
Yo mama is so fat that she measures 36-24-36, and the other arm is just as big.
Yo mama is so fat that she gets her toenails painted at Lucky’s Auto Body.
Yo mama is so fat that when she goes to an amusement park, people try to ride HER!
Yo mama is so fat that when she jumps up in the air she gets stuck!
Yo mama is so fat that she has more Chins than a Chinese phone book!
Yo mama is so fat that she influences the tides.
Yo mama is so fat that when she plays hopscotch, she goes "New York, L.A., Chicago..."
Yo mama is so fat that NASA has to orbit a satellite around her!
Yo mama is so fat that when she sits on my face I can't hear the stereo.
Yo mama is so fat that they have to grease the bath tub to get her out!
Yo mama is so fat that she's on both sides of the family!
Yo mama is so fat that at the zoo, the elephants throw HER peanuts.
Yo mama is so fat you have to roll over twice to get off her.
Yo mama is so fat that she sets off car alarms when she runs.
Yo mama is so fat that she cant reach into her back pocket.
Yo mama is so fat that she has her own gravity field.
Yo mama is so fat that she stepped on a rainbow and made Skittles.
Yo mama is so fat that the only pictures you have of her were taken by satellite cameras.
Yo mama is so fat that when she wears a "Malcolm X" T-shirt, helicopters try to land on her back!
Yo mama is so fat that that she cant tie her own shoes.
Yo mama is so fat that when she lays on the beach, people run around yelling Free Willy.
Yo mama is so fat that she uses redwoods to pick her teeth
Yo mama is so fat that she cut her leg and gravy poured out
Yo mama is so fat that she was in the Macy’s Thanksgiving Day Parade... wearing ropes.
Yo mama is so fat that she went on a light diet. As soon as it’s light she starts eating.
Yo mama is so fat that she’s half Italian, half Irish, and half American.
Yo mama is so fat that her waist size is the Equator.
Yo mama is so fat that she can’t even jump to a conclusion.
Yo mama is so fat that she uses a mattress for a tampon.
Yo mama is so fat that when she got hit by a bus, she said, "Who threw that rock at me?"
Yo mama is so fat that we went to the drive-in and didn't have to pay for her because we dressed her up as a Toyota.
Yo mama is so fat that that when whe was born, she gave the hospital stretch marks.
Yo mama is so fat that she was cut from the cast of E.T., because she caused an eclipse when she rode the bike across the moon.
Yo mama is so fat that when you get on top of her your ears pop.
Yo mama is so fat that she got hit by a car and had to go to the hospital to have it removed.
Yo mama is so fat that she eats "Wheat Thicks".
Yo mama is so fat that we're in her right now!
Yo mama is so fat that she went to the movie theatre and sat next to everyone.
Yo mama is so fat that she has been declared a natural habitat for condors.
Yo mama is so fat that when she wants to shake someones hand, she has to give directions!
Yo mama is so fat that even Dora can't explore her!
Yo mama is so fat that when she gets on the scale it says "to be continued".
Yo mama is so fat that when she goes to a resturant, she looks at the menu and says "okay!"
Yo mama is so fat that even Chuck Norris couldn't run around her.
Yo mama is so fat that her neck looks like a dozen hot dogs!
Yo mama is so fat that when she bungee jumps she goes straight to hell!
Yo mama is so fat that she's got her own area code!
Yo mama is so fat that she looks like she's smuggling a Volkswagon!
Yo mama is so fat that she has to buy three airline tickets.
Yo mama is so fat that whenever she goes to the beach the tide comes in!
Yo mama is so fat that she's got Amtrak written on her leg.
Yo mama is so fat that her legs are like spoiled milk - white & chunky!
Yo mama is so fat that I had to take a train and two buses just to get on the her good side!
Yo mama is so fat that she wakes up in sections!
Yo mama is so fat that when she lies on the beach no one else gets any sun!
Yo mama is so fat that that her senior pictures had to be taken from a helicopter!
Yo mama is so fat that everytime she walks in high heels, she strikes oil!
Yo mama is so fat that she fell and created the Grand Canyon!
Yo mama is so fat that her butt drags on the ground and kids yell - "there goes santa claus with his bag of toys!"
Yo mama is so fat that even her clothes have stretch marks!
Yo mama is so fat that she has to use a VCR as a beeper!
Yo mama is so fat that when she asked for a waterbed, they put a blanket over the ocean!
Yo mama is so fat that she got hit by a parked car!
Yo mama is so fat that they use the elastic in her underwear for bungee jumping.
Yo mama is so fat that when she fell over she rocked herself asleep trying to get up again.
Yo mama is so fat that that when I tried to drive around her I ran out of gas.
Yo mama is so fat that when she went to church and sat on a bible, Jesus came out and said "LET MY PEOPLE GO!"
Yo mama is so fat that when she dances at a concert the whole band skips.
Yo mama is so fat that she stands in two time zones.
Yo mama is so fat that she went to the fair and the kids thought she was a bouncy castle.
Yo mama is so fat that when she goes to an all you can eat buffet, they have to install speed bumps.
Yo mama is so fat that the camera TAKES AWAY 10 lbs from her appearance.
Yo mama is so fat that her sedan can fit 5 people... or just yo mama with the front seats removed.
Yo mama is so fat that when she went to seaworld the whales started singing "We Are Family".
Yo mama is so fat that she fell out of both sides of her bed.
Yo mama is so fat that the stripes on her pajamas never end.
Yo mama is so fat, Al Gore accuses her of global warning everytime she farts!
Yo mama is so fat that she's got every caterer in the city on speed dial!
Yo mama's so fat that when she goes on a scale, it shows her own phone number.
Yo mama's so fat that she doesn't need the internet - she's worldwide.
Yo mama's so fat that when she goes on a scale, it reads "lose some weight".
Yo mama's so fat that she doesn't get dreams, she gets movies!
Yo mama's so fat that when she walks, she changes the earth's rotation!
Yo mama is so fat that she uses the entire country of Mexico as her tanning bed.


 
Yo mama is so ugly that when she went to a beautician it took 12 hours... to get a quote!
Yo mama is so ugly that she looked out the window and got arrested for mooning.
Yo mama is so ugly that people go as her for Halloween.
Yo mama is so ugly that she turned Medusa to stone!
Yo mama is so ugly that the government moved Halloween to her birthday!
Yo mama is so ugly that she scares the roaches away.
Yo mama is so ugly that... well... look at you!
Yo mama is so ugly that when she looks in the mirror, the reflection looks back and shakes its head.
Yo mama is so ugly that she looks like she's been in a dryer filled with rocks.
Yo mama is so ugly that she makes blind children cry.
Yo mama is so ugly that she climbed the ugly ladder and didn't miss a step.
Yo mama is so ugly that the last time I saw something that looked like her, I pinned a tail on it.
Yo mama is so ugly that we put her in the kennel when we go on vacation.
Yo mama is so ugly that her shadow ran away from her.
Yo mama is so ugly that she could scare the flies off a shit wagon.
Yo mama is so ugly that her birth certificate contained an apology letter from the condom factory.
Yo mama is so ugly that that your father takes her to work with him so that he doesn't have to kiss her goodbye.
Yo mama is so ugly that she tried to take a bath and the water jumped out!
Yo mama is so ugly that when she walks down the street in September, people say "Wow, is it Halloween already?"
Yo mama is so ugly that her mom had to be drunk to breast feed her.
Yo mama is so ugly that when she walks into a bank, they turn off the surveillence cameras.
Yo mama is so ugly that they didn't give her a costume when she auditioned for Star Wars.
Yo mama is so ugly that even Rice Krispies won't talk to her!
Yo mama is so ugly that when she joined an ugly contest, they said "Sorry, no professionals."
Yo mama is so ugly that she could make a freight train take a dirt road.
Yo mama is so ugly that that when she sits in the sand on the beach, cats try to bury her.
Yo mama is so ugly that when she drove past area 51, she was thought to be extraterrestrial life. They took her away never to be seen again.
Yo mama is so ugly that they pay her to put her clothes on in strip joints
Yo mama is so ugly that you have to tie a steak around her neck so the dog will play with her!
Yo mama is so ugly that just after she was born, her mother said "What a treasure!" and her father said "Yes, let's go bury it."
Yo mama is so ugly that she made an onion cry!
Yo mama is so ugly that when I last saw a mouth like hers, it had a hook in it.
Yo mama is so ugly that she gets 364 extra days to dress up for Halloween!
Yo mama is so ugly that they push her face into dough to make gorilla cookies.
Yo mama is so ugly that when she goes to the therapist, he makes her lie on the couch face down.
Yo mama is so ugly that she gives Freddy Kreuger nightmares.
Yo mama is so ugly that when she walks in the kitchen, the rats jump on the table and start screaming.
Yo mama is so ugly that even Bill Clinton wouldn't sleep with her.
Yo mama is so ugly that when she was born, the doctor slapped her AND her parents!
Yo mama is so ugly that she didn't get hit with the ugly stick, she got hit by the whole damn tree.
Yo mama is so ugly that she has 7 years bad luck just trying to look at herself in the mirror.
Yo mama is so ugly that she practices birth control by leaving the lights on.
Yo mama is so ugly that she threw a boomerang and it wouldn't even come back.
Yo mama is so ugly that she'd scare the monster out of Loch Ness.
Yo mama is so ugly that it looks like she's been bobbing for french fries.
Yo mama is so ugly that her pillow cries at night.
Yo mama is so ugly that people at the circus pay money not to see her.
Yo mama is so ugly that when she looks in the mirror it says "viewer discretion is advised."
Yo mama is so ugly that she can look up a camel's butt and scare the hump off of it.
Yo mama is so ugly that when she moved into the projects, all her neighbors chipped in for curtains.
Yo mama is so ugly that Santa pays an elf to drop off her gifts at Christmas.
Yo mama is so ugly that people hang her picture in their cars so their radios don't get stolen.
Yo mama is so ugly that I took her to a haunted house and she came out with a job application.
Yo mama is so ugly that if she was a scarecrow, the corn would run away.
Yo mama is so ugly that she could be the poster child for birth control.
Yo mama is so ugly that I took her to the zoo, guy at the door said "Thanks for bringing her back."
Yo mama is so ugly that when she went to Taco Bell everyone ran for the border.
Yo mama is so ugly that her face is blurred on her driver's license.
Yo mama is so ugly that the FCC requires her face to be blurred when she's on TV, because of decency rules.
Yo mama is so ugly that a sculpture of her face is used when torturing prisoners at Guantanamo Bay.
Yo mama is so ugly that government intelligence agencies have to pixelize her face when spying on her.
Yo mama is so ugly that she's never seen herself 'cause the mirrors keep breaking.
Yo mama is so ugly that it looks like someone did the stanky leg dance on her face.
Yo mama is so ugly that when she was born she was put in an incubator with tinted windows.
Yo mama is so ugly that she put the Boogie Man out of business!
Yo mama is so ugly that she made Barack Obama lose hope!
Yo mama was such an ugly baby that her parents had to feed her with a slingshot.
Yo mama is like a hockey player, she only showers after three periods.
Yo mama is like a chicken coop, cocks fly in and out all day.
Yo mama has so many teeth missing, that it looks like her tongue is in jail.
Yo mama's mouth is so big that she speaks in surround sound.
Yo mama is so grouchy that the McDonalds she works in doesn't even serve Happy Meals.
You suck... yo mama does too, but she charges.
Yo mama is like a paper towel, she picks up all kinds of slimy wet stuff.
Yo mama is like Bazooka Joe, 5 cents a blow.
Yo mama is like a telephone, even a 3 year old can pick her up.
Yo mama is like a Christmas tree, everybody hangs balls on her.
Yo mama is like the sun, look at her too long and you'll go blind.
Yo mama is like a library, she's open to the public.
Yo mama is like a fine restaurant, she only takes deliveries in the rear.
Yo mama is like an ATM, open 24 hours.
Yo mama is like a bowling ball... round, heavy, and you can fit three fingers in.
Yo mama is like a basketball hoop, everybody gets a shot.
Yo mama is like a Discover card, she gives cash back.
Yo mama is like a championship ring, everybody puts a finger in her.
Yo mama is like Dominoes Pizza, one call does it all.
Yo mama is like a microwave, press one button and she's hot.
Yo mama is like a mail box, open day and night.
Yo mama is like a bowling ball, she always winds up in the gutter.
Yo mama is like a bus, guys climb on and off her all day long.
Yo mama is like a door knob, everybody gets a turn.
Yo mama is like a light switch, even a little kid can turn her on.
Yo mama's such a ho that "who's your daddy?" is a multiple-choice question.
You'll never be the man Yo mama was.
Yo mama... 'nuff said.
Yo mama is so lazy that she thinks a two-income family is where yo daddy has two jobs.
Yo mama is so lazy that she's got a remote control just to operate her remote!
Yo mama's arms are so short that she has to tilt her head to scratch her ear.
Yo mama's lips are so big that Chapstick had to invent a spray.
Yo mama is so lazy that she came in last place in a recent snail marathon.
Yo mama is missing a finger and can't count past nine.
Yo mama is so flat that she makes the walls jealous!
Yo mama's gums are so black that she spits Yoo-hoo.
It took yo mama 10 tries to get her drivers license - she couldn't get used to the front seat!
Yo mama's so fat that when she asked me "what's up?" I said "your weight!"
Yo mama is twice the man you are.
Yo mama's head is so small that she got her ear pierced and died.
Yo mama is cross-eyed and watches TV in stereo.
Yo mama is so stupid that she was born on Independence Day and can't remember her birthday.
Yo mama's head is so small that she uses a tea-bag as a pillow.
Yo mama's face is so wrinkled, that she has to screw her hat on.
Yo mama's hips are so big that people set their drinks on them.
Yo mama's hair is so nappy that she has to take Tylenol just to comb it.
Yo mama's feet are so big that her shoes need to have license plates on them!
Yo mama's so lonely that she buys hot dogs and nuts wishing she could have sex with them.
Yo mama is so bald that even a wig wouldn't help!
Yo mama is so bald that you can see what's on her mind.
Yo mama is so bald that she took a shower and got brain-washed!
Yo mama's teeth are so yellow that when she smiles everyone sings "We're Walking on Sunshine."
Yo mama is like a slaughter house - everybody's hanging their meat up in her.
Yo mama is like the new AOL 4.0: Fun, Fast, Easy and Free!
Yo mama is like a carpenter's dream - flat as a board and easy to nail.
Yo mama is like Humpty Dumpty - First she gets humped, then she gets dumped.
Yo mama is like a bag of potato chips, "Free-To-Lay."
Yo mama is like a turtle - once she's on her back she's fucked.
Yo mama is like a fan - she's always blowing someone.
Yo mama is like Pizza Hut - if she isn't there in 30 minutes... it's Free!
Yo mama is like a goalie - she only changes her pads after three periods.
Yo mama is like a gas station - you gotta pay before you pump!
Yo mama is like Sprint - 10 cents a minute anywhere in the country.
Yo mama is like a Chinese restaurant - All you can eat for only $9.95!
Yo mama smells so bad that the doctor diagnosed her with breath cancer.
Yo mama's breath smells so bad that when she yawns her teeth duck out of the way.
What's the difference between yo mama and a Lay-Z-Boy? One's soft, squishy, and always has someone in it. The other is a chair.
What's the difference between yo mama and a 747? About 20 pounds.
Yo mama's like a shotgun, one cock and she blows.
Yo mama's like the Bermuda Triangle, they both swallow a lot of seamen.
Yo mama's like cake mix, 15 servings per package!
Yo mama's like a 5 foot tall basketball hoop, it ain't that hard to score.
Yo mama's like a vacuum cleaner... she sucks, blows, and then gets laid in the closet.
Yo mama's like the Pillsbury dough boy - everybody pokes her.
Yo mama's like a brick, dirty, flat on both sides, and always getting laid by Mexicans.
Yo mama's like a nickel, she ain't worth a dime.
Yo mama's like a streetlamp, you can find her turned on at night on any street corner.
Yo mama's like a telephone booth, open to the public, costs a quarter, and guys go in and out all day.
Yo mama's like a Reese's Peanut Butter Cup, there's no wrong way to eat her.
Yo mama's like a postage stamp, you lick her, stick her, then send her away.
Yo mama's like a screen door, after a couple of bangs she loosens up.
Yo mama's like a dollar bill, she gets handled all across the country.
Yo mama's like school at 3 o'clock... children keep coming out and nobody can remember all the fathers.
Yo mama's like a bowling ball, she gets picked up, fingered, thrown down the gutter, and she still comes back for more.
Yo mama's like a set of speakers - loud, ugly, lives in a box, and you can turn her up, down, on, and off.
Yo mama's like a birthday cake, everybody gets a piece.
Yo mama's like 7-Eleven - open all night, hot to go, and for 89 cents you can get a slurpy.
Yo mama's like a vacuum cleaner - a real good suck.

Yo mama's like a Snickers bar, packed with nuts.
Yo mama's like a race car driver - she burns a lot of rubbers.
Yo mama's like a parking garage, three bucks and you're in.
Yo mama's like a pool table, she likes balls in her pocket.
Yo mama's got 1 toe & 1 knee and they call her Tony.
Yo mama's got a "wait" problem, she can't wait to eat.
Yo mama's got a 4 dollar weave and don't know when to leave.
Yo mama's teeth are so yellow, when she smiles it looks like a Kraft Singles pack.
Yo mama's got Play-Doh teeth.
Yo mama's like the Panama Canal, vessels full of seamen pass through her everyday.
Yo mama likes to applaud, 'cause she's got clap
Yo mama's got 1 leg longer than the other so they call her call her hip hop.
Yo mama's got an eating disorder, she be eating dis order, dat order, she be eating all the damn orders!
Yo mama sucks so much dick her butt chin turned into a nut chin!
Yo mama's got more chins than a Chinese phone book.
Yo mama's like a bungee cord... 100 dollars for 30 seconds and if that rubber breaks, your ass is dead!
Yo mama's like a squirrel, she's always got some nuts in her mouth.
Yo mama's like a refrigerator, everyone puts their meat in her.
Yo mama's like a tricycle, she's easy to ride.
yo mamas like a hardware store. 25 cents a screw.
Yo mama's like mustard, she spreads easy.
Yo mama's like peanut butter: brown, creamy, and easy to spread.
Yo mama's like McDonalds... Billions and Billions served.
Yo mama's like an elevator, guys go up and down on her all day.
Yo mama's like a railroad track, she gets laid all over the country.
Yo mama's like lettuce, 25 cents a head.
Yo mama's got an eagle's nest wig.
Yo mama's twice the man you are.
Yo mama's got more crust than a bucket of Kentucky Fried Chicken.
Yo mama's got more weave than a dog in traffic.
Yo mama's only got one finger and runs around stealing key rings.
Yo mama's got a peanut butter wig with jelly sideburns.
Yo mama's got a leather wig with suede sideburns.
Yo mama got hit upside the head with an ugly stick.
Yo mama's got so much weave, when a fly goes by her hair swats at it.
Yo mama's got no ears and was trying on sunglasses.
Yo mama's got so much weave, AT&T uses her extensions as backup lines.
Yo mama's got so much dandruff, she needs to defrost it before she combs her hair.
Yo mama's so bald that I can tell fortunes on her head.
Yo mama's so bald that you could draw a line down the middle of her head and it would look like my ass.
Yo mama's so fat that the Sorting Hat put her in all four houses!
Yo mama's so fat that a wingardium leviosa spell couldn't lift her.
Yo mama's so fat, she makes Hagrid look like "Mini-me".
Yo mama's so fat, she tried to eat Cornelius Fudge.
Yo mama's so ugly, even a dementor wouldn't kiss her!
Yo mama's so fat the Sorting Hat assigned her to the House of Pancakes.
Yo mama's so old, she used to babysit Dumbledore.
Yo mama's so stupid, she thinks Sirius Black is a hip hop station on satellite radio.
Yo mama's so ugly that the whomping willow saw her and died.
Yo mama's so stupid she thinks Patronus is a kind of Tequlia.
Yo Mama's so fat, her Patronus is a Double-Whopper with Cheese.
Yo mama's so nasty, the Forbidden Forrest was named after her.
Yo mama's the reason that Dumbledore turned gay.
Yo mama's so old, her boobs look like two upside down Sorting Hats!
Yo mama's so fat, she used the invisibility cloak as a bib.
Yo Mama's so ugly, everybody calls her "She-Who-Must-Not-Be-Naked"
Yo mama's so fat that even the Dementors can't suck her soul out in one sitting.
Yo mama's so pasty, she makes Ron Weasely look like George Hamilton.
Yo mama's so fat, she looked in the mirror of Erised and saw a ham!
Yo mama's so old she gave Nicholas Flamel his first kiss.
Yo mama's so ugly that the Dementor's Kiss was swapped out for a hearty handshake and a promise to give her a call sometime.
Yo mama's so stupid, she drowned in a pensieve
Yo mama's so dumb she thought that she could talk to snakes if she put parsley on her tongue
Yo mama's so nasty, every pair of her panties has the Dark Mark on them.
Yo mama's so fat that if she confronted a boggart it would morph into a treadmill.
Yo Mama's so ugly that even Voldemort won't say her name.
Yo Mama's so poor she can't even afford a Gringotts account.
Yo mama's so fat that the sorting hat couldn't decide where to put her - she couldn't fit in any of the houses!!
Yo mama's the only mute prostitue in Hogsmeade. They call her "dumb-le-whore"!
Yo mama's so fat, she ate the Death Eaters.
Yo mama's so masculine that Dumbledore would sleep with her!
Yo mama's so nasty that the order of the phoenix was "stay away from that woman!"
Yo mama's so poor that Dobby gave her a sock to keep her foot warm.
Yo mama's such a tramp that she's given more rides than the Hogwarts Express!
Yo mama's so fat even Grawp can't pick her up!
Yo mama's so smelly, Bertie Bott made her his next jelly bean flavor.
Yo mama's so fat that it takes two boggarts to shape-shift into her!
Yo mama's so ugly that she lost a beauty contest to Mountain Troll.
Yo mama's so ugly that when the bassalisk snuck up on her and saw her face, HE dropped dead.
Yo mama's breath is the secret ingredient in the Weasly's Butterscotch Barf-ies.
Yo mama's so ugly that when she walked into Gringotts Wizarding Bank, they gave her a job application.
Yo mama's so ugly she turned the Basilisk to stone.
Yo mama's such a tramp that she's like a quidditch broomstick - everyone gets a ride.
Yo mama's so skanky that the reason you're called a Half-Blood Prince is because she has no idea who your father is!
Yo mama's so dumb that a stupify spell actually made her smarter.
Yo mama's so stanky that not even dobby would accept one of her socks.
Yo mama's so fat that even her Quidditch robes have stretch marks.
Yo mama's so old she makes Dumbledore look like a teenager.
Yo mama's so fat they'd have to use transfiguration to sneak her through the hole in the Gryffindor Tower.
Yo mama's so fat that even the Death Star couldn't blow her up!
Yo mama's so fat that Spock couldn't find a pressure point to perform the Vulcan Death Grip on her.
Yo mama's so ugly that Wuher said 'We don't serve your kind here'.
Yo mama's so fat the odds against not finding her fat are approximately 3,720 to 1.
Yo mama's so fat that she thought the opening line of Kirk's monologue was "Spice, the final Frontier..."
Yo mama's so stupid that when the borg had to choose between assimilating her and a tree, they chose the tree.

Yo mama's so fat that if she were placed beside a changeling during regeneration, no one would know the difference.
Yo mama's so fat that she tried to fly through a temporal anomoly but she didn't fit.
Yo mama's so fat she makes Riker's belly look 3 atoms thick.
Yo mama's so fat that when she tried to captain a galaxy class they had to separate the saucer so she could fit.
Yo mama's so fat that she makes the USS Enterprise look like a micro machines racer.
Yo mama's so flatulent that she forced the Mustafarians to wear masks!
Yo mama's so dumb that she tried to rent a car from The Enterprise.
Yo mama's so fat that Dexster Jettster mistook her for his wife.
Yo mama's so ugly that the term 'bantha poodoo' wasn't used metaphorically with reference to her.
Yo mama's so fat that only half her body was able to come out frozen from the carbon freezing chamber in Cloud City.
Yo mama's so ugly that Dr. Evazan looks like a male supermodel next to her.
Yo mama's so fat that when she beams to a ship, the ship beams inside of her.
Yo mama's so such a ho that she slept with me... therefore, I AM YOUR FATHER!
Yo mama's so dumb that when she found a vulcan, she tried to call Santa to take him back to the north pole.
Yo mama's so fat that the passengers of the Millenium Falcon mistook her for a small moon.
Yo mama's so fat that Gardulla the Hutt had a boost in self-esteem after seeing her.
Yo mama's so ugly that she made doctor McCoy say "Damnit Jim, I'm a doctor, not a Zoologist!"
Yo mama's so fat that she fell to the dark side and couldn't get back up.
Yo mama's so fat that if she was thrown into the second Death Star's reactor core, she could have blown up the entire Imperial fleet.
Yo mama's so fat that the Kaminoans couldn't use her as a host for clones since they couldn't pierce her skin deep enough to draw blood.
Yo mama's so weak-minded that I got her to lead me to Jabba without using a jedi mind trick!
Yo mama's so fat that she caused Kamino to flood when her water broke.
Yo mama's so ugly that she's probably a Shi'ido Clawdite that stays in her regular form all the time.
Yo mama's so fat that her lack of balance caused her to stumble into an Utapau sinkhole.
Yo mama's so fat that she crushed Boga as soon as she mounted her.
Yo Mama's so fat, that in an attempt to beam her up, the ship ended up being pulled down to the surface.
Yo mama's so fat that when she stepped on the scale, her weight was OVER 9000!!!
Yo Mama's so fat, she walked in front of the TV and I missed three seasons of Inuyasha!
Yo mama's so fat, Naruto couldnt make enough clones to see all sides of her.
Yo mama's so ugly, she can't even get tentacle raped.
Yo mama's so ugly, even Tamaki wouldn't hit on her.
Yo mama's so fat that the Dragon Ball Z crew uses her to make craters on set.
Yo mama's so ugly, she's the real reason sasuke left the village.
Yo mama's so fat that when she sat down on a park bench, she caused the Naruto timeskip.
Yo mama's so ugly that she's like a Death Note. Get someone to look at her, and they'll die!
Yo mama's so ugly, Jiraiya saw her and turned gay!
Yo mama's so hairy Naruto thought she was a Summon.
Yo mama's so fat, she scared L into giving up all sweets.
Yo mama's so ugly that she made Spike Spiegel choke on his cigarette
Yo mama's so ugly that she makes Sailor Bubba feel dirty.
Yo mama's so fat that she cant even fit in the expanding plug suit.
Yo mama's so ugly that she made Loz cry.
Yo mama's so dumb that when she was handed the death note, she thought they were asking for her autograph.
Yo mama is so fat that she took geometry in high school just cause she heard there was gonna be some pi.
I'LL HIT YOU...
I'll  hit you so hard by the time you come down, you'll need a passport and
a plane ticket back!
I'll hit you so hard you 'll have to take off your shoes to shit!
I'll hit you so hard you'll have to unzip your pants to say hi!
I'll hit you so hard your kids will be born dizzy!
I'll hit you so hard your wife will fall!

DUMB...
You're so dumb you think socialism means partying!
You're so dumb you think manual labor is a Mexican!
You're so dumb you think Johnny Cash is a pay toilet!
You're so dumb it takes you an hour and a half to watch "60 Minutes"!
You  so stupid you probably think Taco Bell is where you pay your telephone
bill.
You so dumb you got blonde roots in your eyeballs.
Your so stupid, that you got fired from the M & M factory for throwing away
all the W's.
Your so stupid, that you went to a Clippers game to get a hair cut.
Your so stupid, that you went to a Whalers game to see Shamu.
Your so stupid, it takes you an hour to cook minute rice.

UGLY...
She  was  so ugly...  they used to push her face into dough to make gorilla
biscuits
You're so ugly you'd make a train take a dirt road!
You're so ugly when you walk into a bank, they turn the cameras off!
You're  so  ugly,  if you stuck your head out the window, they'd arrest you
for mooning!
You're  so  ugly  if  you  joined  an  ugly  contest, they'd say "Sorry, no
professionals!"
You're so ugly your face is closed on weekends!
You're so ugly you could be the poster child for abortion/birth control!
You're so ugly if my dog looked like you, I'd shave its ass and teach it to
walk backwards!
You're so ugly when you were born the doctor slapped your mother!
You're  so ugly when you were born, your mother saw the afterbirth and said
"Twins!"
You're so ugly they know what time you were born, because your face stopped
the clock!
She's so ugly she could scare the moss off a rock!
She's so ugly she could scare the chrome off a bumper!
Your face so so ugly when you cry the tears run up your face.
Your so ugly, your mother had to feed you with a sling shot.
Your  so  ugly,  your mother had to tie a steak around your neck to get the
dog to play with you.

FAT...
You're so fat when you sit around the house, you sit AROUND the HOUSE
You're so fat a picture of you would fall off the wall!
You're  so  fat  if  you  weighed  five  more  pounds,  you could get group
insurance!
You're  so  fat  you  get  clothes in three sizes:  extra large, jumbo, and
oh-my-god-it's-coming-towards-us!
You're so fat if you got your shoes shined, you'd have to take his word for
it!
Your  so  fat,  that you have to strap a beeper on your belt to warn people
you are backing up.
Your so fat, that you have to use a mattress as a maxi-pad.

GENERAL...
'Scuse  me,  I can't seem to find my dick.  Mind if I look in your mother's
mouth?
Your wife said she liked seafood.  So I gave her crabs.
Are those your tits, or did Laurel and Hardy leave you their heads?
Is that an accent, or is your mouth just full of sperm?
If I had change for a buck, I could have been your dad!
The  difference  between  your  mama  and  a  rooster?   The  rooster  says
cock-a-doodle  doo,  your mama says any-cock'll do.  I would have been your
dad, but the guy in front of me had exact change.
You're so skinny, that you use a bandaid as a maxi-pad.
You're like a light switch, even a little kid can turn you on.

MOTHERS...
I  saved  your mother's life today...  I killed a shiteating dog on the way
over.
Your  mother's  armpits  are  so hairy it looks like she had Buckwheat in a
headlock.
Your mother's so fat it takes her two trips to haul ass.
Your mom's so fat, her yearbook picture was an aerial photo.
Your mom's so fat, I had to roll her in flour and look for the wet spot.
Your mom's so fat, I had to slap her thigh and ride the wave in.
They  say  that  beauty is only a light switch away, with your mom I had to
use a black light.
Your mom's so stupid it takes her a half hour to make minute rice.
Your mom's so ugly the psychiatrist makes her lie facedown.
Your mom's got snakeskin teeth.
Your mom's so stupid I saw her in the frozen food section w/a fishing rod.
Your mom's so fat, at the zoo the elephants started throwing Her peanuts.
Your mom's got hair on her tongue and she gargles w/curl activator.
Your mom's got a wooden leg w/a real foot.
Your mom's got a leather wig w/suede sideburns.
Your momma's so fat, she jumped up in the air -- AND GOT STUCK!
Your mother's like a door knob, everybody gets a turn.
Your mother's like a birthday cake, everybody gets a piece.
Your mother's like mustard, she spreads easy.
Your Mama's got three teeth...one in her mouth & two in her pocket.
Your Mama's breath's so strong, she be blowin' bubbles with Now & Laters.
Your Mama's so old, her birthday's expired.
Your  Mother is so stupid, she needs a ruler beside her bed to see how long
she can sleep.
Your Mother is so dumb, she got hit by a cup and said she got mugged.
Your  Mother  is  so  old, I told her to start acting her age and the bitch
died.
Your mama's so old she owes Jesus Christ a quarter
Your mama's so poor she went to McDonald's to put a shake on layaway
Your mama's so dumb she sold the car for gas money
Your mama's so dumb she cooked her own complimentary breakfast.
Your  Mama's  So  fat,  when  her  beepgr  goes off, people thought she was
backing up
Your Mama's So stupid, it took her 2 hours to watch 60 minutes
Your Mama's So fat, when she wears a yellow raincoat, people said "Taxi!"
Your Mama's So stupid, when she saw the NC-17 (under 17 not admitted) sign,
she went home and got 16 friends
Your Mama's So fat, she had to go to Sea World to get baptized
Your Mama's So fat, she got to iron her pants on the driveway
Your Mama's So fat, she put on her lipstick with a paint-roller
Your Mama's So fat, she got to pull down her pants to get into her pockets
Your Mama's So fat, when she steps on a scale, it read "...to be continued"
Your  Mama's  So nasty, when she goes to a hair salon, she told the stylist
to cut her hair and she opened up her shirt.
Your Mama's So fat, when she tripped over on 4th Ave, she landed on 12th
Your  Mama's So ugly, when she joined an ugly contest, they said "Sorry, no
professionals."
Your Mama's So ugly, she looks out the window and got arrested for mooning.
Your  Mama's  So  ugly,  just  after  she was born, her mother said "What a
treasure!" and her father said "Yes, let's go bury it."
Your Mama's So old, I told her to act her own age, and the bitch died.
Your Mama's So ugly, they push her face into dough to make gorilla cookies.
Your Mama's So ugly, they filmed "Gorillas in the Mist" in her shower
Your  Mama's So ugly, they didn't give her a costume when she tried out for
Star Wars.
Your  Mama's So poor, when I saw her kicking a can down the street, I asked
her what she was doing, she said "Moving."
Your Mama's So fat, when she bungee jumps, she brings down the bridge too
Your  Mama's  So ugly, instead of putting the bungee cord around her ankle,
they put it around her neck
Your Mama's So ugly, she gets 364 extra days to dress up for Halloween.
Your  Mama's  So  ugly,  when  she  walks  into  a  bank, they turn off the
surveillence cameras
Your Mama's So fat, the highway patrol made her wear "Caution!  Wide Turn"
Your  Mama's  So  stupid, when your dad said it was chilly outside, she ran
outside with a spoon
Your  Mama's  So  fat,  when she sits around the house, she SITS AROUND THE
HOUSE!
Your  Mama's  So  fat,  when  she steps on a scale, it read "one at a time,
please"
Your  Mama's  So  stupid,  she  told  everyone  that she was "illegitiment"
because she couldn't read.
Your Mama's So ugly, her mom had to be drunk to breast feed her
Your  Mama's So ugly, her mom had to tie a steak around her neck to get the
dogs to play with her.
Your  Mama's  So  ugly, when she walks down the street in September, people
say "Damn, is it Halloween already?"
Your Mama's So ugly, the government moved Halloween to her birthday.
Your Mom's like a race car driver...  she burns a lot of rubbers
Your Mom's like a doorknob...  everybody gets a turn
Your Mom's like an ice cream cone...  everyone gets a lick
Your Mom's like a bowling ball you can fit three fingers in
Your Mom's like a bowling ball she always winds up in the gutter
Your Mom's like a bowling ball she always comes back for more
Your Mom's like McDonalds...  Billions and Billions served
Your Mom's like Denny's...  open 24 hours
Your Mom's like a shotgun...  give her a cock and she blows
Your Mom's like 7up...never had it never will.
Your mama's like a railroad track:  She gets laid all over the country.
Your mama's like a T.V.:  A two year old could turn her on.
Your mama's like a goalie:  she changes her pads after three periods.
Your mama's like Crazy Eddie, she's practically giving it all away
You're mother's so dumb...she got stabbed at a shoot-out.
Your mama's like a Christmas tree, everybody hangs balls on her.
Your  mom  is  like a postage stamp, you lick her, stick her, then send her
away.
You mom is so fat, everytime she wears high heels, she strikes oil.
Your so ugly, your mother had to feed you with a sling shot.
Your  so  ugly,  your mother had to tie a steak around your neck to get the
dog to play with you.
Your  so  fat,  that you have to strap a beeper on your belt to warn people
you are backing up.
Your so skinny, that you use a bandaid as a maxi-pad.
Your so fat, that you have to use a matress as a maxi-pad.
Your so stupid, that you got fired from the M & M factory for throwing away
all the W's.
Your so stupid, that you went to a Clippers game to get a hair cut.
Your so stupid, that you went to a Whalers game to see Shamu.
Your like a light switch, even a little kid can turn you on.
Your so stupid, it takes you an hour to cook minute rice.

You're mother's so dumb...
..she got stabbed at a shoot-out.
..heard it was chilly outside and grabbed a bowl.
..got hit by a parked car.

Insults...
I'm  looking forward to the pleasure of your company since I haven't had it
yet.
When you pass away and people ask me what the cause of your death was, I'll
say your stupidity.
Well I'll see you in my dreams - if I eat too much.
I've  had  many  cases  of love that were just infatuation, but this hate I
feel for you is the real thing.
You're the best at all you do - and all you do is make people hate you.
Don't you realize that there are enough people to hate in the world already
without your working so hard to give us another?
The  thing that terrifies me the most is that someone might hate me as much
as I loathe you.
When you get run over by a car it shouldn't be listed under accidents.
All of your ancestors must number in the millions; its hard to believe that
many people are to blame for producing you, arsehole.
Ever since I saw you in your family tree I've wanted to cut it down.
I  hear  that  when  you were a child your mother wanted to hire someone to
take care of you but the Mafia wanted too much.
I  hear that when your mother first saw you she decided to leave you on the
front steps of a police station while she turned herself in.
You  were  born  because  your  mother  didn't believe in abortion; now she
believes in infanticide.
No  one should be punished for accident of birth but you look too much like
a wreck not to be.
Yours was an unnatural birth; you came from a human being.
You  were the answer to a prayer.  Your parents prayed that the world would
be made to suffer and here bugger you came along.
You're a habit I'd like to kick; with both feet.
I hear the only place you're ever invited is outside.
I would like the pleasure of your company but it only gives me displeasure.
You've never been outspoken; no one has ever been able to.
At  your speed you'd better not stop your mouth too fast or your teeth will
fly through your cranium.
If you ever tax your brain, don't charge more than a penny.
Don't you have a terribly empty feeling ---- in your skull bampot?
You  have  nothing  to fear from my baser instincts; its my finer ones that
tell me to kill you.
It's your life --- but I wish you'd let us have it.
I  don't  consider you a vulture bollocks.  I consider you something a vulture would
eat.
I  think you should live for the moment.  But after that I doubt I'll think
so. Snooty Poot.
Man alive!  But I wish you weren't.
I  believe in respect for the dead; in fact I could only respect you if you
WERE dead.
I  admire  your because I've never had the courage it takes to be a liar, a
thief and a cheat.
You're acquitting yourself in such a way that no jury ever would.
You have a face only a mother could love - and she hates it!
You never strike out blindly; you fail in the light.


Yo mama is so fat that the ratio of the circumference to her diameter is four.
Yo mama is so fat that her derivative is strictly positive.
Yo mama is like a protractor - she's good at every angle.
Yo mama is so fat that in a love triangle, she'd be the hypotenuse.
Yo mama is so stupid that when I told her "pi-r-squared" and she replied no, they are round.
The limit of yo mama's ass goes to infinity.
Yo mama = x/0 for every x in yo mama.
The infinite series of yo mama from 0 to infinity is strictly diverging.
Yo mama is so mean that she has no standard deviation.
Yo mama is so ugly, that Pythagoras wouldn't touch her with a 3-4-5 triangle.
Yo mama is so square that she's got imaginary numbers on her social security card.
Yo mama is such a ho, that she asked all the math majors to to figure out g(f(your mom)) just so they could "f" her first.
The volume of yo mama is an improper integral.
The integral of yo mama is fat plus a constant, where the constant is equal to more fat.
Yo mama's muscle-to-fat ratio can only be explained in irrational complex numbers.
The only way to get from point A to point B is around yo mama's fat ass.
Yo mama's so fat that she broke the HP limit!
Yo mama's so hairy and ugly that she got used as Ashitare's stunt double.
Yo mama's so stupid she makes Tristan look like Einstein!
Yo mama's so fat, she makes Vash look anorexic!
Yo mama's so hairy that she has to go to Furfest to meet a man.
Yo mama's breath is so nasty that it chases away Miasma.
Yo mama's so round that she makes a Pokéball look flat!
Yo mama's so ugly, Saya thought she was a Chiropteran.
Yo mama's so dumb, she failed out of Cromartie High School.
Yo mama's so old and fat they use her wrinkles as set terrain for Dragon Ball Z.
Yo mama's nosehairs are so long that they make Bobobo jealous!
Yo mama's so fat that she was mistaken for Mt. Fuji at the Sakura festival.
Yo mama's so fat she makes a Snorlax look like a chihuahua!
Yo mama's so ugly that when Nozomu Itoshiki saw her, he didn't even bother with his "ZETSUBOUSHITA!" speech - he skipped straight to hanging himself.
Yo mama's so fat that it took the entire Dragon Ball Z crew 1 week just to lift her off the ground.
Yo mama's cosplay is so bad that she got beat by a Narutard in the masquerade!
Yo mama's so ugly that when Kakashi looked directly at her, he lost an eye.
Yo mama's so fat that she tried to eat someone dressed as a box of Pocky!
Yo mama's so ugly that she makes Orochimaru look beautiful.
Yo mama's so fat, Choji told her to lose weight.
Yo Mama's so ugly even Data would need special eye googles to look at her.
Yo mama is so hairy that the only language she can speak is wookie.
Yo mama's so ugly her Kazon hairdo is an improvement!
Yo Mama's so ugly even a Ferengi would dress her in clothes.
Yo mama's so old even Guinan refers to her as "old bag".
Yo Mama's so fat that when she walks into a room the replicators stop working.
Yo Mama's so fat, Data feels strong emotions of disgust and self-terminates.
Yo Mama's so stupid the Borg wouldn't assimilate her!
Yo Mama's so fat she wears her own inertia dampener.
Yo Mama's so ugly she did the truly impossible: she made Captain James T Kirk's penis go limp.
Yo Mama's so fat, she managed to contain a warp core breach.
Yo Mama's so fat, she got stuck trying to enter the Nexus.
Yo Mama's so fat, when she fell over, she punched a hole in the fabric of space/time.
Ya mama's so fat, her wand is a Slim Jim.
Yo mama's so fat the core of her wand has a creame filling.
Yo mama's so ugly that Voldemort took one look at her and killed HIMSELF!"
Yo mama's so poor she had to go to the Weasley's for a loan.
Yo mama's so ugly, she thought that Hogwarts were the growth on her thigh.
Yo mama's so ugly that as a baby they had to use the Confundus Charm so the family would play with her.
Yo mama's such a ho that she lets ANYONE enter her "chamber of secrets".
Yo mama's so ugly she scares the Dementors away.
Yo mama's so ugly that when she asked Crabbe to take her to the Yule Ball, he decided to go with Goyle instead!

Yo mama's so bald that when she goes to bed, her head slips off the pillow.
Yo mama's so bald that when she braids her hair, it looks like stitches.
yo mama's breath is so stanky, she eats odour eaters.
Yo mama's like an iPod, fun to touch!
Yo mama's got one leg and people call her Ilene.
Yo mama's been on welfare so long that her picture is on food stamps.
Yo mama's like Wal-Mart... She's got different discounts everyday.
Yo mama's so hunchbacked, she has to look up to tie her shoes.
Yo mama's nostrils are so huge she makes Patrick Ewing jealous.
Yo mama's so hunchbacked, she has to wear goggles to wash dishes.
Yo mama's so hunchbacked, she can stand on her feet and her head at the same time.
Yo mama's so hunchbacked, she hits her head on speed bumps.


By the time you learn how not to be a pile of shit, it will be nearly 6 months too late.

You are one humpbacked shitface.

My unit, your whore mouth. Right now.

What the ass pounding hell, I can't believe how much of a dick loving cow tipper you are.

Yeah so I'm going to take a mutant juicy shit in your room.

I'm just about ready to take a humungous moist poop in your oven.

It is fantastic, you know, that you're such a fucking semen demon.

Get circumcised by a thug, you oversexed sack of ass.

I once watched a paramedic give your stepmother a hillbilly bomber.

Go thou and fill another room in hell, thou contemptible pox-marked damned witch.

I'm not saying you're a skank, but if your fur burger had a password, it would be 'qwerty'.

I know you're a valueless moron and all, but holy god, fuck off.

Go chief a bucket of cocksmilk you skank.

Why do you stink so bad, did someone shit in your garage?

Remember that time when all of your friends had a really good time the other night? No? That's because you have no friends.

If a prostitute donkey punches you in the face tomorrow, I bet it won't be the first time.

I know you're a worthless cunt and all, but holy heavenly father, hang yourself.

It would be fabulous if you shut your dysfunctional crevice, you douche nozzle.

Douche nozzle.

You're a valueless vajayjay, and may you receive a parking ticket.

You're the most cock mauling hyperactive shit stain I know.

You're the most schlong-loving tree hugging baddie I know.

You are so repelling that having your face blown off would make you more gorgeous.

artless             base-court          apple-john
bawdy               bat-fowling         baggage
beslubbering        beef-witted         barnacle
bootless            beetle-headed       bladder
churlish            boil-brained        boar-pig
cockered            clapper-clawed      bugbear
clouted             clay-brained        bum-bailey
craven              common-kissing      canker-blossom
currish             crook-pated         clack-dish
dankish             dismal-dreaming     clotpole
dissembling         dizzy-eyed          coxcomb
droning             doghearted          codpiece
errant              dread-bolted        death-token
fawning             earth-vexing        dewberry
fobbing             elf-skinned         flap-dragon
froward             fat-kidneyed        flax-wench
frothy              fen-sucked          flirt-gill
gleeking            flap-mouthed        foot-licker
goatish             fly-bitten          fustilarian
gorbellied          folly-fallen        giglet
impertinent         fool-born           gudgeon
infectious          full-gorged         haggard
jarring             guts-griping        harpy
loggerheaded        half-faced          hedge-pig
lumpish             hasty-witted        horn-beast
mammering           hedge-born          hugger-mugger
mangled             hell-hated          joithead
mewling             idle-headed         lewdster
paunchy             ill-breeding        lout
pribbling           ill-nurtured        maggot-pie
puking              knotty-pated        malt-worm
puny                milk-livered        mammet
qualling            motley-minded       measle
rank                onion-eyed          minnow
reeky               plume-plucked       miscreant
roguish             pottle-deep         moldwarp
ruttish             pox-marked          mumble-news
saucy               reeling-ripe        nut-hook
spleeny             rough-hewn          pigeon-egg
spongy              rude-growing        pignut
surly               rump-fed            puttock
tottering           shard-borne         pumpion
unmuzzled           sheep-biting        ratsbane
vain                spur-galled         scut
venomed             swag-bellied        skainsmate
villainous          tardy-gaited        strumpet
warped              tickle-brained      varlot
wayward             toad-spotted        vassal
weedy               unchin-snouted      whey-face
yeasty              weather-bitten      wagtail


Thou cream-faced loon.

Thou are as loathsome as a toad.

Peace, ye fat guts.

I do desire we may be better strangers.

Thou are a flesh-monger, a fool, and a coward.

You scullion, you rampallian, you fustilarian, I’ll tickle your catastrophe.

Thou art as fat as butter.

There’s no more faith in thee than in a stewed prune.

Thou are a boil, a plague sore, an embossed carbuncle in my corrupted blood.

Away you three inch fool.

Thou art a natural coward without instinct.

You, minion, are too saucy.

A weasel hath not such a deal of spleen as you are toss’d with.

Your virginity breeds mites, much like a cheese.

I'll  hit you so hard by the time you come down, you'll need a passport and
a plane ticket back!
I'll hit you so hard you 'll have to take off your shoes to shit!
I'll hit you so hard you'll have to unzip your pants to say hi!
I'll hit you so hard your kids will be born dizzy!
I'll hit you so hard your wife will fall!

You're so dumb you think socialism means partying!
You're so dumb you think manual labor is a Mexican!
You're so dumb you think Johnny Cash is a pay toilet!
You're so dumb it takes you an hour and a half to watch "60 Minutes"!
You  so stupid you probably think Taco Bell is where you pay your telephone
bill.
You so dumb you got blonde roots in your eyeballs.
Your so stupid, that you got fired from the M & M factory for throwing away
all the W's.
Your so stupid, that you went to a Clippers game to get a hair cut.
Your so stupid, that you went to a Whalers game to see Shamu.
Your so stupid, it takes you an hour to cook minute rice.


She  was  so ugly...  they used to push her face into dough to make gorilla
biscuits
You're so ugly you'd make a train take a dirt road!
You're so ugly when you walk into a bank, they turn the cameras off!
You're  so  ugly,  if you stuck your head out the window, they'd arrest you
for mooning!
You're  so  ugly  if  you  joined  an  ugly  contest, they'd say "Sorry, no
professionals!"
You're so ugly your face is closed on weekends!
You're so ugly you could be the poster child for abortion/birth control!
You're so ugly if my dog looked like you, I'd shave its ass and teach it to
walk backwards!
You're so ugly when you were born the doctor slapped your mother!
You're  so ugly when you were born, your mother saw the afterbirth and said
"Twins!"
You're so ugly they know what time you were born, because your face stopped
the clock!
She's so ugly she could scare the moss off a rock!
She's so ugly she could scare the chrome off a bumper!
Your face so so ugly when you cry the tears run up your face.
Your so ugly, your mother had to feed you with a sling shot.
Your  so  ugly,  your mother had to tie a steak around your neck to get the
dog to play with you.


You're so fat when you sit around the house, you sit AROUND the HOUSE
You're so fat a picture of you would fall off the wall!
You're  so  fat  if  you  weighed  five  more  pounds,  you could get group
insurance!
You're  so  fat  you  get  clothes in three sizes:  extra large, jumbo, and
oh-my-god-it's-coming-towards-us!
You're so fat if you got your shoes shined, you'd have to take his word for
it!
Your  so  fat,  that you have to strap a beeper on your belt to warn people
you are backing up.
Your so fat, that you have to use a mattress as a maxi-pad.


'Scuse  me,  I can't seem to find my dick.  Mind if I look in your mother's
mouth?
Your wife said she liked seafood.  So I gave her crabs.
Are those your tits, or did Laurel and Hardy leave you their heads?
Is that an accent, or is your mouth just full of sperm?
If I had change for a buck, I could have been your dad!
The  difference  between  your  mama  and  a  rooster?   The  rooster  says
cock-a-doodle  doo,  your mama says any-cock'll do.  I would have been your
dad, but the guy in front of me had exact change.
You're so skinny, that you use a bandaid as a maxi-pad.
You're like a light switch, even a little kid can turn you on.


I  saved  your mother's life today...  I killed a shiteating dog on the way
over.
Your  mother's  armpits  are  so hairy it looks like she had Buckwheat in a
headlock.
Your mother's so fat it takes her two trips to haul ass.
Your mom's so fat, her yearbook picture was an aerial photo.
Your mom's so fat, I had to roll her in flour and look for the wet spot.
Your mom's so fat, I had to slap her thigh and ride the wave in.
They  say  that  beauty is only a light switch away, with your mom I had to
use a black light.
Your mom's so stupid it takes her a half hour to make minute rice.
Your mom's so ugly the psychiatrist makes her lie facedown.
Your mom's got snakeskin teeth.
Your mom's so stupid I saw her in the frozen food section w/a fishing rod.
Your mom's so fat, at the zoo the elephants started throwing Her peanuts.
Your mom's got hair on her tongue and she gargles w/curl activator.
Your mom's got a wooden leg w/a real foot.
Your mom's got a leather wig w/suede sideburns.
Your momma's so fat, she jumped up in the air -- AND GOT STUCK!
Your mother's like a door knob, everybody gets a turn.
Your mother's like a birthday cake, everybody gets a piece.
Your mother's like mustard, she spreads easy.
Your Mama's got three teeth...one in her mouth & two in her pocket.
Your Mama's breath's so strong, she be blowin' bubbles with Now & Laters.
Your Mama's so old, her birthday's expired.
Your  Mother is so stupid, she needs a ruler beside her bed to see how long
she can sleep.
Your Mother is so dumb, she got hit by a cup and said she got mugged.
Your  Mother  is  so  old, I told her to start acting her age and the bitch
died.
Your mama's so old she owes Jesus Christ a quarter
Your mama's so poor she went to McDonald's to put a shake on layaway
Your mama's so dumb she sold the car for gas money
Your mama's so dumb she cooked her own complimentary breakfast.
Your  Mama's  So  fat,  when  her  beepgr  goes off, people thought she was
backing up
Your Mama's So stupid, it took her 2 hours to watch 60 minutes
Your Mama's So fat, when she wears a yellow raincoat, people said "Taxi!"
Your Mama's So stupid, when she saw the NC-17 (under 17 not admitted) sign,
she went home and got 16 friends
Your Mama's So fat, she had to go to Sea World to get baptized
Your Mama's So fat, she got to iron her pants on the driveway
Your Mama's So fat, she put on her lipstick with a paint-roller
Your Mama's So fat, she got to pull down her pants to get into her pockets
Your Mama's So fat, when she steps on a scale, it read "...to be continued"
Your  Mama's  So nasty, when she goes to a hair salon, she told the stylist
to cut her hair and she opened up her shirt.
Your Mama's So fat, when she tripped over on 4th Ave, she landed on 12th
Your  Mama's So ugly, when she joined an ugly contest, they said "Sorry, no
professionals."
Your Mama's So ugly, she looks out the window and got arrested for mooning.
Your  Mama's  So  ugly,  just  after  she was born, her mother said "What a
treasure!" and her father said "Yes, let's go bury it."
Your Mama's So old, I told her to act her own age, and the bitch died.
Your Mama's So ugly, they push her face into dough to make gorilla cookies.
Your Mama's So ugly, they filmed "Gorillas in the Mist" in her shower
Your  Mama's So ugly, they didn't give her a costume when she tried out for
Star Wars.
Your  Mama's So poor, when I saw her kicking a can down the street, I asked
her what she was doing, she said "Moving."
Your Mama's So fat, when she bungee jumps, she brings down the bridge too
Your  Mama's  So ugly, instead of putting the bungee cord around her ankle,
they put it around her neck
Your Mama's So ugly, she gets 364 extra days to dress up for Halloween.
Your  Mama's  So  ugly,  when  she  walks  into  a  bank, they turn off the
surveillence cameras
Your Mama's So fat, the highway patrol made her wear "Caution!  Wide Turn"
Your  Mama's  So  stupid, when your dad said it was chilly outside, she ran
outside with a spoon
Your  Mama's  So  fat,  when she sits around the house, she SITS AROUND THE
HOUSE!
Your  Mama's  So  fat,  when  she steps on a scale, it read "one at a time,
please"
Your  Mama's  So  stupid,  she  told  everyone  that she was "illegitiment"
because she couldn't read.
Your Mama's So ugly, her mom had to be drunk to breast feed her
Your  Mama's So ugly, her mom had to tie a steak around her neck to get the
dogs to play with her.
Your  Mama's  So  ugly, when she walks down the street in September, people
say "Damn, is it Halloween already?"
Your Mama's So ugly, the government moved Halloween to her birthday.
Your Mom's like a race car driver...  she burns a lot of rubbers
Your Mom's like a doorknob...  everybody gets a turn
Your Mom's like an ice cream cone...  everyone gets a lick
Your Mom's like a bowling ball you can fit three fingers in
Your Mom's like a bowling ball she always winds up in the gutter
Your Mom's like a bowling ball she always comes back for more
Your Mom's like McDonalds...  Billions and Billions served
Your Mom's like Denny's...  open 24 hours
Your Mom's like a shotgun...  give her a cock and she blows
Your Mom's like 7up...never had it never will.
Your mama's like a railroad track:  She gets laid all over the country.
Your mama's like a T.V.:  A two year old could turn her on.
Your mama's like a goalie:  she changes her pads after three periods.
Your mama's like Crazy Eddie, she's practically giving it all away
You're mother's so dumb...she got stabbed at a shoot-out.
Your mama's like a Christmas tree, everybody hangs balls on her.
Your  mom  is  like a postage stamp, you lick her, stick her, then send her
away.
You mom is so fat, everytime she wears high heels, she strikes oil.
Your so ugly, your mother had to feed you with a sling shot.
Your  so  ugly,  your mother had to tie a steak around your neck to get the
dog to play with you.
Your  so  fat,  that you have to strap a beeper on your belt to warn people
you are backing up.
Your so skinny, that you use a bandaid as a maxi-pad.
Your so fat, that you have to use a matress as a maxi-pad.
Your so stupid, that you got fired from the M & M factory for throwing away
all the W's.
Your so stupid, that you went to a Clippers game to get a hair cut.
Your so stupid, that you went to a Whalers game to see Shamu.
Your like a light switch, even a little kid can turn you on.
Your so stupid, it takes you an hour to cook minute rice.


I'm  looking forward to the pleasure of your company since I haven't had it
yet.
When you pass away and people ask me what the cause of your death was, I'll
say your stupidity.
Well I'll see you in my dreams - if I eat too much.
I've  had  many  cases  of love that were just infatuation, but this hate I
feel for you is the real thing.
You're the best at all you do - and all you do is make people hate you.
Don't you realize that there are enough people to hate in the world already
without your working so hard to give us another?
The  thing that terrifies me the most is that someone might hate me as much
as I loathe you.
When you get run over by a car it shouldn't be listed under accidents.
All of your ancestors must number in the millions; its hard to believe that
many people are to blame for producing you.
Ever since I saw you in your family tree I've wanted to cut it down.
I  hear  that  when  you were a child your mother wanted to hire someone to
take care of you but the Mafia wanted too much.
I  hear that when your mother first saw you she decided to leave you on the
front steps of a police station while she turned herself in.
You  were  born  because  your  mother  didn't believe in abortion; now she
believes in infanticide.
No  one should be punished for accident of birth but you look too much like
a wreck not to be.
Yours was an unnatural birth; you came from a human being.
You  were the answer to a prayer.  Your parents prayed that the world would
be made to suffer and here you came along.
You're a habit I'd like to kick; with both feet.
I hear the only place you're ever invited is outside.
I would like the pleasure of your company but it only gives me displeasure.
You've never been outspoken; no one has ever been able to.
At  your speed you'd better not stop your mouth too fast or your teeth will
fly through your cranium.
If you ever tax your brain, don't charge more than a penny.
Don't you have a terribly empty feeling ---- in your skull?
You  have  nothing  to fear from my baser instincts; its my finer ones that
tell me to kill you.
It's your life --- but I wish you'd let us have it.
I  don't  consider you a vulture.  I consider you something a vulture would
eat.
I  think you should live for the moment.  But after that I doubt I'll think
so.
Man alive!  But I wish you weren't.
I  believe in respect for the dead; in fact I could only respect you if you
WERE dead.
I  admire  your because I've never had the courage it takes to be a liar, a
thief and a cheat.
You're acquitting yourself in such a way that no jury ever would.
You have a face only a mother could love - and she hates it!
You never strike out blindly; you fail in the light.


Your birth certificate is an apology from the condom factory.

Shut up, you’ll never be the man your mother is.

You must have been born on the highway cause thats where most accidents happen.

It looks like your face caught on fire and someone tried to put it out with a fork.

You’re so ugly Hello Kitty said goodbye to you.

You are so ugly that when your mama dropped you off at school she got a fine for littering.

Your family tree is a cactus because everybody on it is a prick.

If your were twice as smart, you’d still be stupid.

Do you have to leave so soon?  I was just about to poison the tea.

You are so dumb, you think that martial arts are paintings by the sheriff.
I love what you've done with your hair. How did you get it to come out of one nostril like that?
If fat were gasoline, you'd have enough to circle the earth 3 TIMES!
You look like you've been pulled backward through a knothole.
You look like you've been rode hard and put away wet.
Your face can shrivel a man like a 3 hour bath.
Your mother is so big, that her graduation picture had to be an aerial view.
If art imitates life, you'd be a black velvet painting.
What is that on you head? A hairball from a mountain lion?
I'd get more pleasure from running my nostrils down a tree (or cactus), than being with you.
Your mother was raped by a German Shepherd and you are the after effect.
Your face could turn Medusa to stone.
You have the intellegence of a bucket of rocks.
Your origins are so low, you'd have to limbo under your family tree.
You have the shape of a stocking filled with dung.
Your mouth is so big, you could suck an egg from a chicken.
You are as charming as a dead mouse in a loaf of bread.
You have less backbone than a chocolate eclair.
You have the warm personal charm of a millipede.
You are so dumb, that when asked your name, you are stuck for an answer.
Your face looks as if you were weaned on a pickle.
You do not understand men (or women) as you have never successfully depicted one.
You have about as much class as a lawn flamingo.
The eyes are the window to the mind and your eyes look like the holes in a privy.
Your fragrance of choice is "Eau De Skunk".
Please sit down and take a mess off your feet.
You have the face of a saint. Saint Bernard, that is.
You are such a sourpuss, that when you suck a lemon---the lemon makes a face.
I refuse to engage in a battle of wits, as I will not take advantage of the handicapped.
Your skin is so soft, just like the texture of smut that grows on corn.
You have such a full round face---just like a baboon's butt.
If ignorance is bliss, you must be the happiest person on earth.
If brains were wind, you would not have enough to blow your nose.
Your brain is so weak, you have to wear crutches under your ears.
One night spent with you and men volunteer to become eunuchs.
You know, I do understand you. I have a way with dumb animals.
The only time you ever got to second base was at the petting zoo.
Is that your face--or are you breaking it in for a bulldog?
You have an hourglass figure. Too bad the sand settled in all the wrong places.
You have such a striking face. Tell me, how many times were you struck?
Travel broadens a person. You look as if you have been all over the world.
You must have a very large brain, to hold so much ignorance.
A mud pack is good for the complexion. I suggest you leave it on.
You are so dumb, you think "getting lucky" is finding a penny on the ground.
One more wrinkle and you'd pass for a prune.
If ugly were a crime, you'd get a life sentence.
Looking at you, I realize what a waste of skin you are.
You wear so much makeup, that you leave a clown imprint on your pillowcase.
Was it hard learning to be so ugly or were you a quick study?
If your conscience could be surgically removed, it would be a minor operation.
Is that your nose or did you inhale a cantaloupe?
You are so dumb, you think a blood vessel is some kind of ship.
You are so dumb, you planted a dogwood tree and expected a litter of puppies.
You are so dumb, you thought a buttress was a female goat.
You are so dumb, you think manual labor is the president of Mexico.
Stagnant pond scum licker
Maggot muncher
Litreen lips
3 week old road kill
Snail snot
Odiferous octupus ooze
Pompous proliferator of putrid puns
Lizard lips
Vulture vomit
You must come from the shallow end of the gene pool.
You are so ugly, you have put a new definition on road kill.
Your mother is so near-sighted, she propositions statues.
Your face is a waste of molecules.
You perplex me--usually someone with your limited physical appeal makes up for it with a REAL personality.
Waiting for you to say something intelligent is like putting a candle in the window for Jimmy Hoffa.
If Moses had seen your face, there would have been another commandment.
I wish your charm could be bottled--then a cork could be put in it.
Our friendship is like that of a dog to a fire hydrant.
You appear to be the culmination of years of major genetic mishaps.
So--How is that bladder control problem?
You have been fooled more times than a public welfare worker.
They say Will Rogers never met a man he didn't like, obviously he never met you.
I heard you spend your spare time chasing carriages and eating Alpo.
Your simian countenance suggests a heritage unusually rich in species diversity.
Your mother is so fat, she's on both sides of the family.
Your mother is so fat, she had to be baptized in the Atlantic Ocean.
When they made you, they broke the mold---and beat the mold maker.
You are so dumb, when told that it's chilly outside, you get a bowl.
You have such big puppy dog eyes. Reminds me of the dog we put to sleep.
I understand your father found a previously unknown use for sheep...WOOL!
Your mother is so fat that the back of her neck looks like a package of sausages.
Your mother is so fat that before god said, "Let there be light" he told her to move out of the way.
You mother's teeth are so yellow, she can spit butter.
Your mother's teeth are so black, she spits ink.
Your mother is so old, instead of passing gas she passes dust.
I have heard that you have 2 brains! Unfortunately, one is lost and the other is out looking for it.
I understand you have Van Gogh's ear for music.
You lost your mind when a butterfly kicked you in the head.
You're so dumb, you play solitaire...for cash.
Your sister is so ugly, even the tide will not go out with her.
I heard you went to a freak show and got in FREE!
I hear you come from a long line of first cousins.
You've found a new profession, taste-tester for Alpo.
You were so ugly as a child, your mother breast fed you through a straw.
You're so dumb, you need a cue card to say "Huh?"
You're so dumb, your fingers and toes are numbered.
You're so dumb, the only thing you got on your IQ test was drool.
You're so dumb, you need instructions on how to use a rocking chair.
You're so dumb, you stand on a chair to raise your IQ.
I hear you're a farmer's daughter and that you can't keep your calves together.
I hear you're a cabinetmaker's daughter and everyone knows what's in your drawers.
I hear you're a gravedigger's daughter and you'll lie under any sod.
I researched your entire family tree and it seems you were the sap.
I would have been your father (mother), but the dog (sheep) beat me upstairs.
You are so dumb, you got a job climbing trees because you wanted to be a branch manager.
Your mother is like a carpenter's dream...flat as a board and easy to nail.
I heard they peeled off your makeup and found a whole nother painting underneath.
You are so ugly, that in 20 countries it is illegal for you to marry.
If I could afford the wood, I'd have your mouth boarded up.
Your mother is so ugly, that when she entered an ugly contest, they said, "Sorry, no professionals."
Your mother is so fat, her shadow weighs 50 pounds.
Your mother is so fat, when she went to the zoo, elephants threw her peanuts.
Your mother is so ugly, her face can stop a sun dial.
Your breath is so bad, that when you yawn, your teeth duck out of the way.
Your mother is not really so bad. I hear she would give you the hair off her back.
Your mother is so fat, when she took her clothes to be laundered, they said, "Sorry, we don't do tents."
Your mother is so fat, she wears a sign that says, "Caution, Wide Turn".
You're so dumb, you'd have to dig for your IQ.
Your mother is so fat that she sweats bacon grease.
Your mother is twice the man you are.
You are so dumb, you couldn't pour water out of your boots if the instructions were written on the heel.
You're so dumb, you think bigotry is an Italian tree.
You're so dumb, you think a bigamist is Italian fog.
Your family tree is nothing but a rest stop for dogs.
You're so dumb, you think a naval academy is a school for belly-dancers.
Your father is so dumb, he has to take his clothes off to count to 21 and even then he only gets to 20-1/2.
Ever since I saw your family tree, I've wanted to cut it down.
You're so ugly, that when you went to the zoo, a baboon blew in your ear.
I heard your parents took you to a dog show and you won.
You're so stupid that if I gave you a penny for your intelligence, I'd get change back.
I heard they had to burn down the school to get you out of the 3rd grade.
If you spoke your mind, you'd be speechless.
Your parents must really be good people to pick up a piglet by the side of the road and raise it as their own.
Your mother is so fat, she thinks a balanced meal is a ham in each hand.
Your mother is so fat, when she sings - it's over!

Your girlfriend tells me that your lovemaking is like going to the dentist...sit back, relax...you won't feel a thing!
I was going to give you a present but I know not how to wrap a bath tub.  (Eston Woodreef - Barony of Couer dEnnui-SCA)
So you're the one that put the "P" in the Gene Pool!
I've heard your body has been compared to prime real estate...the problem is how many times has it been rented out...or...but the rent is real cheap...or...and tenants keep moving in and out.  (slightly re-written from a clip from a Pro Wrestling ad!)
It's unfortunate about your gambling problem.  I heard last week that you lost you whole paycheck playing solitare!  (Roger- Fencing Booth Practice Dummy)
I heard your family was so poor, that if you weren't a boy there wouldn't have been anything  to play with at all.
Your mother/sister is so ugly that dogs hump their legs with their eyes closed.

Don't get lost in thought; you'll be a total stranger there.
You're good looking in a way, away off.
The more I think of you, the less I think of you.
When you were born something terrible happened, you lived.
You look like a professional blind date.
Don't you ever get tired of having you around?
I don't know what makes you tick, but I hope it's a time bomb.
Someday you'll find yourself, and will you be disappointed.
I know you have to be somebody, but why do you have to be you?
If you said what you thought, you'd be speechless.
You think you're a wit, and you're probably half right.
Why don't you go blow your brains out, you've got nothing to lose.
I like you, I have no taste, but I like you.
I'd like to say I'm glad you’re here; I'd like to say it.
If there's ever a price on your head, take it.
You were born at home, but when your mother saw you she went to the hospital.
Someday you'll go far, and I hope you stay there.
If you stop telling lies about me, I'll stop telling the truth about you.
I wish I had a lower I.Q., so that I could enjoy your company.
I'm not going to get into a battle of wits with you; I never attack anyone who's unarmed.
Is your family happy, or do you go home at night?
You're someone who would make a perfect stranger.
Let's go some place were we can each be alone.
My I have the pleasure of you absence?
You have an open mind, and a mouth to match.
Next time you give your clothes away, stay in them.
Some people bring happiness wherever they go; you bring happiness whenever you go.
I like you better the more I see you less.
You're something that someone would only meet in a nightmare.
I wish your parents had never met.
The sooner I never see you again, the better it'll be for both of us when we meet.
You have such a big mouth; you could eat a banana sideways.
There's only one thing that keeps me from breaking you in half, I don't want two of you around.
Was the ground cold when you crawled out this morning?
Why don't you freeze your teeth and give your tongue a sleigh ride.
You've got a great personality, but not for a human being.
I enjoy talking to you, my mind needs a rest.
If you ever need a friend, you'll have to get a dog.
You're outspoken, but not by anyone I know.
There's enough people in this world who hate you, without you working so hard to get another one.
Thank you; we're all challenged by your unique point of view.
I don't know what your problem is, but I'll bet it's hard to pronounce.
Any connection between your reality and mine is purely coincidental.
I will always cherish the initial misconception I had about you.
How about never? Is never good for you?
I'll try being nicer if you'll try being smarter.
I see you've set aside this special time to humiliate yourself in public.
I don't know what makes you so screwed up, but whatever it is, it works.
You do serve at least one useful purpose in life, as a horrible example.
You've got more talent in your little finger than you have in your big finger.
I'm busy now; can I ignore you some other time?
Are you always this stupid, or are you making a special effort today?
Me, getting smart with you? How would you know?
It's too bad stupidity isn't painful.
Don't say things like that; it just makes you sound stupid. In fact, don't talk at all. It just makes you sound stupid.
Thinking isn't your strong point, is it?
I would probably find you more interesting had I studied psychology.
You're not being sensitive, I really don't like you.
You’re good, being gone.
If I've said anything to offend you, I mean it.
I would love to insult you, but you wouldn't understand.
Is there no beginning to your good taste?
One good thing about you, you’re easy to ignore.
Why do you get up in the morning?
You're a person of rare intelligence; it's rare when you show any.
Hey, I’m sorry, I’m not being rude; it’s just that you don’t matter.
I’d explain it to you, but I don’t have any crayons with me.
I wish we were better strangers.
Why do you have to be that way, you seemed normal until I got to know you?
Do you want me to accept you as you are, or do you want me to like you?
You are no longer beneath my contempt.
Are you a moron, or are you possessed by a retarded ghost?
I can please only one person per day. Today is not your day. Tomorrow isn't looking good either.
So tell me, as an outsider, what do you think of the human race?
I notice that you never let an idea interrupt the flow of your conversation.
Don't try so hard, I couldn't like you any less.
You’re having delusions of competence.

Sometimes I don't know whether to laugh at you or pity you.

When someone's looking at an object (e.g. his wallet) and laughing...
What, does your wallet tell jokes?

When someone does something extremely fast...
You taking steroids?

When someone says, "I feel so stupid"...
It's okay to feel what you are.

When someone is spelling something aloud...
Are you taking part in a spelling bee?

When someone is counting random numbers aloud...
Playing BINGO?

When someone says, "Hey, you wanna hear a joke?"...
It's okay, you're a joke all by yourself.

Looks like I overestimated the number of your brain cells.

When someone says, "I feel so stupid" or something similar...
That's an understatement.

When someone says, "I'm so short!"...
No, you're *quite* tall.
Cheer up! You're still taller than my sausage dog! 

Let's say you're looking at a picture on a book, and someone asks, "What's that?!"...
A book. Duh!

When someone asks, "Why don't you talk to me??"...
You're not worth talking to.
Talking to you doesn't bring any benefits. 

When someone tells you, "John is so ugly!"...
Gee, you remind me of him.

When someone says, "I've a pretty sister."...
Whatever happened to the brother / sister?
When someone says, "Hey, do you know that (blah) (blah) (blah)"...
Alert the media!

When someone says, "Oh, no! I've a pimple! What should I do about it?!"
I've bigger things on my mind to think about than your puny pimple, you know.

When someone says, "Don't tell me you're gonna tell me your parents" or something similar...
I do have a life too, you know.

Someone has a weird or funny name...
Gee, your parents certainly have a weird sense of humour.

When someone says, "I don't know how to do this."...
Ah, I'm not surprised.

When someone asks, "What's happening?!"...
With your IQ, I don't think you can understand.

You're so dumb your IQ and shoe size are the same.

You're so ugly your parents initially wanted to name you Rover.
Your B.O. is so bad you're classified as a potential biological weapon.

When someone delays something...
That will be the time when you get your first grandchild.
That will be the time when [name] stops doing [something he always does] (e.g. That'll be the day when Jack's feet finally smell nice) 

You mean you don't know I've a dog?! Didn't you look in the mirror?!?! *give a shocked look*

Hey, what a coincidence! You've the same name as my dog!

Look at someone's eyes, give a surprised look and exclaim, "The eyes... they look like Aunt Camille's (for males) / Uncle Edgar's (for females)!"

Let's say Dr. John is a victim of manslaughter. Then, someone comes up to you and exclaims surprisingly, "What?! Dr. John got murdered?!?"
No, suicide.

Jack is so funny that he's making everyone laugh AT him, not with him.

Other than being disgusting, irritating, stupid, smelly, [name all the bad stuff you can think of], etc., etc... you're actually quite okay.

When someone asks, "Hey, should I submit this joke to the magazine?"...
Well, you never know. Some low-class species with the same viewpoint as the author might find it funny.

When someone asks, "Do you think this dress is nice?"...
To say that it's nice would be a terrible lie.

You've so many pimples that you remind me of the craters of the moon.

You know why guys / girls don't like you? Look at yourself first.

When someone asks, "Hey, are you gonna mow the lawn now?" when you obviously are going to mow the lawn...
No expressed sarcastically, I'm gonna do it next year.
Then?! Wait for the Winter Olympics??
No, I'm going to take a shower. Duh! 

When someone is doing something (e.g. typing)...
Are you sure you can type?

When someone is hogging the stairs...
Hey, does your grandfather own the stairs?!

When someone expresses frustatedly, "I'm so stupid!"...
Being honest is a good thing.
It's always good to be honest. 

When someone says, "I feel so stupid"...
We know.

When someone plays a practical joke on someone else...
How could you do that?! You could hurt him, you know! Don't you know how bad it could've got?! [continue with all the serious remarks you can think about until he feels terribly guilty]

When someone insults someone else (esp. someone who's disabled)...
How would you know anything about him? Maybe when he was young, his mother died, and his dad married a terrible stepmother. Maybe when he was nine years old, he was knocked down by a lorry, and he ended up in a coma at the hospital. Probably his father had to work long hours day and night just to keep him alive. Maybe when he woke up finally, he wasn't ever the same again. [continue with all the pitiful things you can think about until the person you're talking to feels extremely guilty...]

Ask someone who can't drive, "Hey, are you free on Saturday? Can you send me to [some place]??" Then, before he gets the chance to reply, you say, "Oh, so sorry, I forgot... you *CAN'T* drive."

Don't get lost in thought; you'll be a total stranger there.
You're good looking in a way, away off.
The more I think of you, the less I think of you.
When you were born something terrible happened, you lived.
You look like a professional blind date.
Don't you ever get tired of having you around?
I don't know what makes you tick, but I hope it's a time bomb.
Someday you'll find yourself, and will you be disappointed.
I know you have to be somebody, but why do you have to be you?
If you said what you thought, you'd be speechless.
You think you're a wit, and you're probably half right.
Why don't you go blow your brains out, you've got nothing to lose.
I like you, I have no taste, but I like you.
I'd like to say I'm glad you’re here; I'd like to say it.
If there's ever a price on your head, take it.
You were born at home, but when your mother saw you she went to the hospital.
Someday you'll go far, and I hope you stay there.
If you stop telling lies about me, I'll stop telling the truth about you.
I wish I had a lower I.Q., so that I could enjoy your company.
I'm not going to get into a battle of wits with you; I never attack anyone who's unarmed.
Is your family happy, or do you go home at night?
You're someone who would make a perfect stranger.
Let's go some place were we can each be alone.
My I have the pleasure of you absence?
You have an open mind, and a mouth to match.
Next time you give your clothes away, stay in them.
Some people bring happiness wherever they go; you bring happiness whenever you go.
I like you better the more I see you less.
You're something that someone would only meet in a nightmare.
I wish your parents had never met.
The sooner I never see you again, the better it'll be for both of us when we meet.
You have such a big mouth; you could eat a banana sideways.
There's only one thing that keeps me from breaking you in half, I don't want two of you around.
Was the ground cold when you crawled out this morning?
Why don't you freeze your teeth and give your tongue a sleigh ride.
You've got a great personality, but not for a human being.
I enjoy talking to you, my mind needs a rest.
If you ever need a friend, you'll have to get a dog.
You're outspoken, but not by anyone I know.
There's enough people in this world who hate you, without you working so hard to get another one.
Thank you; we're all challenged by your unique point of view.
I don't know what your problem is, but I'll bet it's hard to pronounce.
Any connection between your reality and mine is purely coincidental.
I will always cherish the initial misconception I had about you.
How about never? Is never good for you?
I'll try being nicer if you'll try being smarter.
I see you've set aside this special time to humiliate yourself in public.
I don't know what makes you so screwed up, but whatever it is, it works.
You do serve at least one useful purpose in life, as a horrible example.
You've got more talent in your little finger than you have in your big finger.
I'm busy now; can I ignore you some other time?
Are you always this stupid, or are you making a special effort today?
Me, getting smart with you? How would you know?
It's too bad stupidity isn't painful.
Don't say things like that; it just makes you sound stupid. In fact, don't talk at all. It just makes you sound stupid.
Thinking isn't your strong point, is it?
I would probably find you more interesting had I studied psychology.
You're not being sensitive, I really don't like you.
You’re good, being gone.
If I've said anything to offend you, I mean it.
I would love to insult you, but you wouldn't understand.
Is there no beginning to your good taste?
One good thing about you, you’re easy to ignore.
Why do you get up in the morning?
You're a person of rare intelligence; it's rare when you show any.
Hey, I’m sorry, I’m not being rude; it’s just that you don’t matter.
I’d explain it to you, but I don’t have any crayons with me.
I wish we were better strangers.
Why do you have to be that way, you seemed normal until I got to know you?
Do you want me to accept you as you are, or do you want me to like you?
You are no longer beneath my contempt.
Are you a moron, or are you possessed by a retarded ghost?
I can please only one person per day. Today is not your day. Tomorrow isn't looking good either.
So tell me, as an outsider, what do you think of the human race?
I notice that you never let an idea interrupt the flow of your conversation.
Don't try so hard, I couldn't like you any less.
You’re having delusions of competence.

Sometimes I don't know whether to laugh at you or pity you.

When someone's looking at an object (e.g. his wallet) and laughing...
What, does your wallet tell jokes?

When someone does something extremely fast...
You taking steroids?

When someone says, "I feel so stupid"...
It's okay to feel what you are.

When someone is spelling something aloud...
Are you taking part in a spelling bee?

When someone is counting random numbers aloud...
Playing BINGO?

When someone says, "Hey, you wanna hear a joke?"...
It's okay, you're a joke all by yourself.

Looks like I overestimated the number of your brain cells.

When someone says, "I feel so stupid" or something similar...
That's an understatement.

When someone says, "I'm so short!"...
No, you're *quite* tall.
Cheer up! You're still taller than my sausage dog! 

Let's say you're looking at a picture on a book, and someone asks, "What's that?!"...
A book. Duh!

When someone asks, "Why don't you talk to me??"...
You're not worth talking to.
Talking to you doesn't bring any benefits. 

When someone tells you, "John is so ugly!"...
Gee, you remind me of him.

When someone says, "I've a pretty sister."...
Whatever happened to the brother / sister?
When someone says, "Hey, do you know that (blah) (blah) (blah)"...
Alert the media!

When someone says, "Oh, no! I've a pimple! What should I do about it?!"
I've bigger things on my mind to think about than your puny pimple, you know.

When someone says, "Don't tell me you're gonna tell me your parents" or something similar...
I do have a life too, you know.

Someone has a weird or funny name...
Gee, your parents certainly have a weird sense of humour.

When someone says, "I don't know how to do this."...
Ah, I'm not surprised.

When someone asks, "What's happening?!"...
With your IQ, I don't think you can understand.

You're so dumb your IQ and shoe size are the same.

You're so ugly your parents initially wanted to name you Rover.
Your B.O. is so bad you're classified as a potential biological weapon.

When someone delays something...
That will be the time when you get your first grandchild.
That will be the time when [name] stops doing [something he always does] (e.g. That'll be the day when Jack's feet finally smell nice) 

You mean you don't know I've a dog?! Didn't you look in the mirror?!?! *give a shocked look*

Hey, what a coincidence! You've the same name as my dog!

Look at someone's eyes, give a surprised look and exclaim, "The eyes... they look like Aunt Camille's (for males) / Uncle Edgar's (for females)!"

Let's say Dr. John is a victim of manslaughter. Then, someone comes up to you and exclaims surprisingly, "What?! Dr. John got murdered?!?"
No, suicide.

Jack is so funny that he's making everyone laugh AT him, not with him.

Other than being disgusting, irritating, stupid, smelly, [name all the bad stuff you can think of], etc., etc... you're actually quite okay.

When someone asks, "Hey, should I submit this joke to the magazine?"...
Well, you never know. Some low-class species with the same viewpoint as the author might find it funny.

When someone asks, "Do you think this dress is nice?"...
To say that it's nice would be a terrible lie.

You've so many pimples that you remind me of the craters of the moon.

You know why guys / girls don't like you? Look at yourself first.

When someone asks, "Hey, are you gonna mow the lawn now?" when you obviously are going to mow the lawn...
No expressed sarcastically, I'm gonna do it next year.
Then?! Wait for the Winter Olympics??
No, I'm going to take a shower. Duh! 

When someone is doing something (e.g. typing)...
Are you sure you can type?

When someone is hogging the stairs...
Hey, does your grandfather own the stairs?!

When someone expresses frustatedly, "I'm so stupid!"...
Being honest is a good thing.
It's always good to be honest. 

When someone says, "I feel so stupid"...
We know.

When someone plays a practical joke on someone else...
How could you do that?! You could hurt him, you know! Don't you know how bad it could've got?! [continue with all the serious remarks you can think about until he feels terribly guilty]

When someone insults someone else (esp. someone who's disabled)...
How would you know anything about him? Maybe when he was young, his mother died, and his dad married a terrible stepmother. Maybe when he was nine years old, he was knocked down by a lorry, and he ended up in a coma at the hospital. Probably his father had to work long hours day and night just to keep him alive. Maybe when he woke up finally, he wasn't ever the same again. [continue with all the pitiful things you can think about until the person you're talking to feels extremely guilty...]

Ask someone who can't drive, "Hey, are you free on Saturday? Can you send me to [some place]??" Then, before he gets the chance to reply, you say, "Oh, so sorry, I forgot... you *CAN'T* drive."

When you tell someone "I'm 19.", and after thinking for a while, he replies, "So, I guess that you're born in 19xx?"... Gee, they do teach you stuff at Taylor's. [replace "Taylor's" with the educational institution your victim is in]

You look like my grandma's grandmother!

When someone keeps referring to someone else as "the guy" or "the girl" or "my friend"...
Hey, doesn't he / she has a name? Even animals have names nowadays!

When someone insults you sarcastically and asks you, "Was that remark sarcastic or what?!"...
No, it's a downright lame insult.

When your younger sibling says "My Maths is getting better" or something similar...
Looks like the skills I've passed down to you have paid off after all.

Gee, the dress she's wearing sure looks nice... but NOT on her.

When someone asks, "Why can't I do this?"...
Maybe it's inheritance.
Maybe it's in your genes. 

When someone says, "Hey, let me tell you a joke"

Don't get lost in thought; you'll be a total stranger there.
You're good looking in a way, away off.
The more I think of you, the less I think of you.
When you were born something terrible happened, you lived.
You look like a professional blind date.
Don't you ever get tired of having you around?
I don't know what makes you tick, but I hope it's a time bomb.
Someday you'll find yourself, and will you be disappointed.
I know you have to be somebody, but why do you have to be you?
If you said what you thought, you'd be speechless.
You think you're a wit, and you're probably half right.
Why don't you go blow your brains out, you've got nothing to lose.
I like you, I have no taste, but I like you.
I'd like to say I'm glad you’re here; I'd like to say it.
If there's ever a price on your head, take it.
You were born at home, but when your mother saw you she went to the hospital.
Someday you'll go far, and I hope you stay there.
If you stop telling lies about me, I'll stop telling the truth about you.
I wish I had a lower I.Q., so that I could enjoy your company.
I'm not going to get into a battle of wits with you; I never attack anyone who's unarmed.
Is your family happy, or do you go home at night?
You're someone who would make a perfect stranger.
Let's go some place were we can each be alone.
My I have the pleasure of you absence?
You have an open mind, and a mouth to match.
Next time you give your clothes away, stay in them.
Some people bring happiness wherever they go; you bring happiness whenever you go.
I like you better the more I see you less.
You're something that someone would only meet in a nightmare.
I wish your parents had never met.
The sooner I never see you again, the better it'll be for both of us when we meet.
You have such a big mouth; you could eat a banana sideways.
There's only one thing that keeps me from breaking you in half, I don't want two of you around.
Was the ground cold when you crawled out this morning?
Why don't you freeze your teeth and give your tongue a sleigh ride.
You've got a great personality, but not for a human being.
I enjoy talking to you, my mind needs a rest.
If you ever need a friend, you'll have to get a dog.
You're outspoken, but not by anyone I know.
There's enough people in this world who hate you, without you working so hard to get another one.
Thank you; we're all challenged by your unique point of view.
I don't know what your problem is, but I'll bet it's hard to pronounce.
Any connection between your reality and mine is purely coincidental.
I will always cherish the initial misconception I had about you.
How about never? Is never good for you?
I'll try being nicer if you'll try being smarter.
I see you've set aside this special time to humiliate yourself in public.
I don't know what makes you so screwed up, but whatever it is, it works.
You do serve at least one useful purpose in life, as a horrible example.
You've got more talent in your little finger than you have in your big finger.
I'm busy now; can I ignore you some other time?
Are you always this stupid, or are you making a special effort today?
Me, getting smart with you? How would you know?
It's too bad stupidity isn't painful.
Don't say things like that; it just makes you sound stupid. In fact, don't talk at all. It just makes you sound stupid.
Thinking isn't your strong point, is it?
I would probably find you more interesting had I studied psychology.
You're not being sensitive, I really don't like you.
You’re good, being gone.
If I've said anything to offend you, I mean it.
I would love to insult you, but you wouldn't understand.
Is there no beginning to your good taste?
One good thing about you, you’re easy to ignore.
Why do you get up in the morning?
You're a person of rare intelligence; it's rare when you show any.
Hey, I’m sorry, I’m not being rude; it’s just that you don’t matter.
I’d explain it to you, but I don’t have any crayons with me.
I wish we were better strangers.
Why do you have to be that way, you seemed normal until I got to know you?
Do you want me to accept you as you are, or do you want me to like you?
You are no longer beneath my contempt.
Are you a moron, or are you possessed by a retarded ghost?
I can please only one person per day. Today is not your day. Tomorrow isn't looking good either.
So tell me, as an outsider, what do you think of the human race?
I notice that you never let an idea interrupt the flow of your conversation.
Don't try so hard, I couldn't like you any less.
You’re having delusions of competence.

Sometimes I don't know whether to laugh at you or pity you.

When someone's looking at an object (e.g. his wallet) and laughing...
What, does your wallet tell jokes?

When someone does something extremely fast...
You taking steroids?

When someone says, "I feel so stupid"...
It's okay to feel what you are.

When someone is spelling something aloud...
Are you taking part in a spelling bee?

When someone is counting random numbers aloud...
Playing BINGO?

When someone says, "Hey, you wanna hear a joke?"...
It's okay, you're a joke all by yourself.

Looks like I overestimated the number of your brain cells.

When someone says, "I feel so stupid" or something similar...
That's an understatement.

When someone says, "I'm so short!"...
No, you're *quite* tall.
Cheer up! You're still taller than my sausage dog! 

Let's say you're looking at a picture on a book, and someone asks, "What's that?!"...
A book. Duh!

When someone asks, "Why don't you talk to me??"...
You're not worth talking to.
Talking to you doesn't bring any benefits. 

When someone tells you, "John is so ugly!"...
Gee, you remind me of him.

When someone says, "I've a pretty sister."...
Whatever happened to the brother / sister?
When someone says, "Hey, do you know that (blah) (blah) (blah)"...
Alert the media!

When someone says, "Oh, no! I've a pimple! What should I do about it?!"
I've bigger things on my mind to think about than your puny pimple, you know.

When someone says, "Don't tell me you're gonna tell me your parents" or something similar...
I do have a life too, you know.

Someone has a weird or funny name...
Gee, your parents certainly have a weird sense of humour.

When someone says, "I don't know how to do this."...
Ah, I'm not surprised.

When someone asks, "What's happening?!"...
With your IQ, I don't think you can understand.

You're so dumb your IQ and shoe size are the same.

You're so ugly your parents initially wanted to name you Rover.
Your B.O. is so bad you're classified as a potential biological weapon.

When someone delays something...
That will be the time when you get your first grandchild.
That will be the time when [name] stops doing [something he always does] (e.g. That'll be the day when Jack's feet finally smell nice) 

You mean you don't know I've a dog?! Didn't you look in the mirror?!?! *give a shocked look*

Hey, what a coincidence! You've the same name as my dog!

Look at someone's eyes, give a surprised look and exclaim, "The eyes... they look like Aunt Camille's (for males) / Uncle Edgar's (for females)!"

Let's say Dr. John is a victim of manslaughter. Then, someone comes up to you and exclaims surprisingly, "What?! Dr. John got murdered?!?"
No, suicide.

Jack is so funny that he's making everyone laugh AT him, not with him.

Other than being disgusting, irritating, stupid, smelly, [name all the bad stuff you can think of], etc., etc... you're actually quite okay.

When someone asks, "Hey, should I submit this joke to the magazine?"...
Well, you never know. Some low-class species with the same viewpoint as the author might find it funny.

When someone asks, "Do you think this dress is nice?"...
To say that it's nice would be a terrible lie.

You've so many pimples that you remind me of the craters of the moon.

You know why guys / girls don't like you? Look at yourself first.

When someone asks, "Hey, are you gonna mow the lawn now?" when you obviously are going to mow the lawn...
No expressed sarcastically, I'm gonna do it next year.
Then?! Wait for the Winter Olympics??
No, I'm going to take a shower. Duh! 

When someone is doing something (e.g. typing)...
Are you sure you can type?

When someone is hogging the stairs...
Hey, does your grandfather own the stairs?!

When someone expresses frustatedly, "I'm so stupid!"...
Being honest is a good thing.
It's always good to be honest. 

When someone says, "I feel so stupid"...
We know.

When someone plays a practical joke on someone else...
How could you do that?! You could hurt him, you know! Don't you know how bad it could've got?! [continue with all the serious remarks you can think about until he feels terribly guilty]

When someone insults someone else (esp. someone who's disabled)...
How would you know anything about him? Maybe when he was young, his mother died, and his dad married a terrible stepmother. Maybe when he was nine years old, he was knocked down by a lorry, and he ended up in a coma at the hospital. Probably his father had to work long hours day and night just to keep him alive. Maybe when he woke up finally, he wasn't ever the same again. [continue with all the pitiful things you can think about until the person you're talking to feels extremely guilty...]

Ask someone who can't drive, "Hey, are you free on Saturday? Can you send me to [some place]??" Then, before he gets the chance to reply, you say, "Oh, so sorry, I forgot... you *CAN'T* drive."

When you tell someone "I'm 19.", and after thinking for a while, he replies, "So, I guess that you're born in 19xx?"... Gee, they do teach you stuff at Taylor's. [replace "Taylor's" with the educational institution your victim is in]

You look like my grandma's grandmother!

When someone keeps referring to someone else as "the guy" or "the girl" or "my friend"...
Hey, doesn't he / she has a name? Even animals have names nowadays!

When someone insults you sarcastically and asks you, "Was that remark sarcastic or what?!"...
No, it's a downright lame insult.

When your younger sibling says "My Maths is getting better" or something similar...
Looks like the skills I've passed down to you have paid off after all.

Gee, the dress she's wearing sure looks nice... but NOT on her.

When someone asks, "Why can't I do this?"...
Maybe it's inheritance.
Maybe it's in your genes. 

When someone says, "Hey, let me tell you a joke"

When you tell someone "I'm 19.", and after thinking for a while, he replies, "So, I guess that you're born in 19xx?"... Gee, they do teach you stuff at Taylor's. [replace "Taylor's" with the educational institution your victim is in]

You look like my grandma's grandmother!

When someone keeps referring to someone else as "the guy" or "the girl" or "my friend"...
Hey, doesn't he / she has a name? Even animals have names nowadays!

When someone insults you sarcastically and asks you, "Was that remark sarcastic or what?!"...
No, it's a downright lame insult.

When your younger sibling says "My Maths is getting better" or something similar...
Looks like the skills I've passed down to you have paid off after all.

Gee, the dress she's wearing sure looks nice... but NOT on her.

When someone asks, "Why can't I do this?"...
Maybe it's inheritance.
Maybe it's in your genes. 

When someone says, "Hey, let me tell you a joke"

Don't get lost in thought; you'll be a total stranger there.
You're good looking in a way, away off.
The more I think of you, the less I think of you.
When you were born something terrible happened, you lived.
You look like a professional blind date.
Don't you ever get tired of having you around?
I don't know what makes you tick, but I hope it's a time bomb.
Someday you'll find yourself, and will you be disappointed.
I know you have to be somebody, but why do you have to be you?
If you said what you thought, you'd be speechless.
You think you're a wit, and you're probably half right.
Why don't you go blow your brains out, you've got nothing to lose.
I like you, I have no taste, but I like you.
I'd like to say I'm glad you’re here; I'd like to say it.
If there's ever a price on your head, take it.
You were born at home, but when your mother saw you she went to the hospital.
Someday you'll go far, and I hope you stay there.
If you stop telling lies about me, I'll stop telling the truth about you.
I wish I had a lower I.Q., so that I could enjoy your company.
I'm not going to get into a battle of wits with you; I never attack anyone who's unarmed.
Is your family happy, or do you go home at night?
You're someone who would make a perfect stranger.
Let's go some place were we can each be alone.
My I have the pleasure of you absence?
You have an open mind, and a mouth to match.
Next time you give your clothes away, stay in them.
Some people bring happiness wherever they go; you bring happiness whenever you go.
I like you better the more I see you less.
You're something that someone would only meet in a nightmare.
I wish your parents had never met.
The sooner I never see you again, the better it'll be for both of us when we meet.
You have such a big mouth; you could eat a banana sideways.
There's only one thing that keeps me from breaking you in half, I don't want two of you around.
Was the ground cold when you crawled out this morning?
Why don't you freeze your teeth and give your tongue a sleigh ride.
You've got a great personality, but not for a human being.
I enjoy talking to you, my mind needs a rest.
If you ever need a friend, you'll have to get a dog.
You're outspoken, but not by anyone I know.
There's enough people in this world who hate you, without you working so hard to get another one.
Thank you; we're all challenged by your unique point of view.
I don't know what your problem is, but I'll bet it's hard to pronounce.
Any connection between your reality and mine is purely coincidental.
I will always cherish the initial misconception I had about you.
How about never? Is never good for you?
I'll try being nicer if you'll try being smarter.
I see you've set aside this special time to humiliate yourself in public.
I don't know what makes you so screwed up, but whatever it is, it works.
You do serve at least one useful purpose in life, as a horrible example.
You've got more talent in your little finger than you have in your big finger.
I'm busy now; can I ignore you some other time?
Are you always this stupid, or are you making a special effort today?
Me, getting smart with you? How would you know?
It's too bad stupidity isn't painful.
Don't say things like that; it just makes you sound stupid. In fact, don't talk at all. It just makes you sound stupid.
Thinking isn't your strong point, is it?
I would probably find you more interesting had I studied psychology.
You're not being sensitive, I really don't like you.
You’re good, being gone.
If I've said anything to offend you, I mean it.
I would love to insult you, but you wouldn't understand.
Is there no beginning to your good taste?
One good thing about you, you’re easy to ignore.
Why do you get up in the morning?
You're a person of rare intelligence; it's rare when you show any.
Hey, I’m sorry, I’m not being rude; it’s just that you don’t matter.
I’d explain it to you, but I don’t have any crayons with me.
I wish we were better strangers.
Why do you have to be that way, you seemed normal until I got to know you?
Do you want me to accept you as you are, or do you want me to like you?
You are no longer beneath my contempt.
Are you a moron, or are you possessed by a retarded ghost?
I can please only one person per day. Today is not your day. Tomorrow isn't looking good either.
So tell me, as an outsider, what do you think of the human race?
I notice that you never let an idea interrupt the flow of your conversation.
Don't try so hard, I couldn't like you any less.
You’re having delusions of competence.

Sometimes I don't know whether to laugh at you or pity you.

When someone's looking at an object (e.g. his wallet) and laughing...
What, does your wallet tell jokes?

When someone does something extremely fast...
You taking steroids?

When someone says, "I feel so stupid"...
It's okay to feel what you are.

When someone is spelling something aloud...
Are you taking part in a spelling bee?

When someone is counting random numbers aloud...
Playing BINGO?

When someone says, "Hey, you wanna hear a joke?"...
It's okay, you're a joke all by yourself.

Looks like I overestimated the number of your brain cells.

When someone says, "I feel so stupid" or something similar...
That's an understatement.

When someone says, "I'm so short!"...
No, you're *quite* tall.
Cheer up! You're still taller than my sausage dog! 

Let's say you're looking at a picture on a book, and someone asks, "What's that?!"...
A book. Duh!

When someone asks, "Why don't you talk to me??"...
You're not worth talking to.
Talking to you doesn't bring any benefits. 

When someone tells you, "John is so ugly!"...
Gee, you remind me of him.

When someone says, "I've a pretty sister."...
Whatever happened to the brother / sister?
When someone says, "Hey, do you know that (blah) (blah) (blah)"...
Alert the media!

When someone says, "Oh, no! I've a pimple! What should I do about it?!"
I've bigger things on my mind to think about than your puny pimple, you know.

When someone says, "Don't tell me you're gonna tell me your parents" or something similar...
I do have a life too, you know.

Someone has a weird or funny name...
Gee, your parents certainly have a weird sense of humour.

When someone says, "I don't know how to do this."...
Ah, I'm not surprised.

When someone asks, "What's happening?!"...
With your IQ, I don't think you can understand.

You're so dumb your IQ and shoe size are the same.

You're so ugly your parents initially wanted to name you Rover.
Your B.O. is so bad you're classified as a potential biological weapon.

When someone delays something...
That will be the time when you get your first grandchild.
That will be the time when [name] stops doing [something he always does] (e.g. That'll be the day when Jack's feet finally smell nice) 

You mean you don't know I've a dog?! Didn't you look in the mirror?!?! *give a shocked look*

Hey, what a coincidence! You've the same name as my dog!

Look at someone's eyes, give a surprised look and exclaim, "The eyes... they look like Aunt Camille's (for males) / Uncle Edgar's (for females)!"

Let's say Dr. John is a victim of manslaughter. Then, someone comes up to you and exclaims surprisingly, "What?! Dr. John got murdered?!?"
No, suicide.

Jack is so funny that he's making everyone laugh AT him, not with him.

Other than being disgusting, irritating, stupid, smelly, [name all the bad stuff you can think of], etc., etc... you're actually quite okay.

When someone asks, "Hey, should I submit this joke to the magazine?"...
Well, you never know. Some low-class species with the same viewpoint as the author might find it funny.

When someone asks, "Do you think this dress is nice?"...
To say that it's nice would be a terrible lie.

You've so many pimples that you remind me of the craters of the moon.

You know why guys / girls don't like you? Look at yourself first.

When someone asks, "Hey, are you gonna mow the lawn now?" when you obviously are going to mow the lawn...
No expressed sarcastically, I'm gonna do it next year.
Then?! Wait for the Winter Olympics??
No, I'm going to take a shower. Duh! 

When someone is doing something (e.g. typing)...
Are you sure you can type?

When someone is hogging the stairs...
Hey, does your grandfather own the stairs?!

When someone expresses frustatedly, "I'm so stupid!"...
Being honest is a good thing.
It's always good to be honest. 

When someone says, "I feel so stupid"...
We know.

When someone plays a practical joke on someone else...
How could you do that?! You could hurt him, you know! Don't you know how bad it could've got?! [continue with all the serious remarks you can think about until he feels terribly guilty]

When someone insults someone else (esp. someone who's disabled)...
How would you know anything about him? Maybe when he was young, his mother died, and his dad married a terrible stepmother. Maybe when he was nine years old, he was knocked down by a lorry, and he ended up in a coma at the hospital. Probably his father had to work long hours day and night just to keep him alive. Maybe when he woke up finally, he wasn't ever the same again. [continue with all the pitiful things you can think about until the person you're talking to feels extremely guilty...]

Ask someone who can't drive, "Hey, are you free on Saturday? Can you send me to [some place]??" Then, before he gets the chance to reply, you say, "Oh, so sorry, I forgot... you *CAN'T* drive."
 Federal regulations require me to warn you that this next test
chamber... is looking pretty good.
 That's right. The facility is completely operational again.
 I think these test chambers look even better than they did before. It
was easy, really. You just have to look at things objectively, see what you
don't need anymore, and trim out the fat.
 Stop it!
 What if you froze like that?
 There must be something wrong with the reassembly machine.
 You should see yourselves right now.
 Is it fun when you degrade yourselves like that?
 Okay, fine. Let's all act like humans. 'Look at me. Boy, do I love
sweating. Let's convert beef and leaves into energy and excrete them later and
go shopping.'
 You really aren't getting tired of that, are you?
 Just stop flailing around like an incompetent.
 For that Blue is penalized fifty science collaboration points.
 For that Orange is penalized fifty science collaboration points.
 That's another fifty point penalty.
 Keep it up and you will lose 500 points.
 Fine, 500 point penalty for Blue.
 Fine, 500 point penalty for Orange.
 5000 point penalty! Are you happy now?
 I'm done.
 Good. You made it to one of the human habitats. We're looking for an
artifact. Think of it as an archeological dig.
 Their laughter centered around one of the objects in this room.
 That's it. Scan it for me.
 So... this cat loves lasagna so much that he eats all of the lasagna in
his house. Okay, apparently it's not the cat's house or his lasagna. Oh good!
The man who owns the lasagna is furious!
 The end.
 The end?
 That's not funny.
 Do either of you feel like laughing?
 Alright, I'm pulling you out.
 Welcome back. While you were dead, I reworked the cartoon. It's up on
the screen.
 As you can see, in my version the man points out to the cat that the
house is equipped with deadly neurotoxin dispensers.
 At which point the cat reflects on the time he ate all of the man's
lasagna and feels remorse.
 Briefly.
 Reactions?
 Yes, it's funny because most of it actually happened.
 Do you feel more human?
 Well, let's do some tests and see what happens.
 Excellent. Although great science is always the result of
collaboration, keep in mind that, like Albert Einstein and his cousin Terry,
history will only remember one of you.
 To reiterate: This is not a competition.
 Still, if it were, Blue would be winning.
 Still, if it were, Orange would be winning.
 It's not, though.
 These tests are potentially lethal when communication, teamwork, and
mutual respect are not employed at all times. Naturally this will pose an
interesting challenge for one of you, given the other's performance so far.
 I don't want to drive a wedge between the two of you, but I've been
studying Blue's performance, and I don't know how to put this... I'm certain
you're trying very hard.
 Hello again. Sorry about exploding you. Luckily, you don't feel pain.
At any rate, you don't have a way to communicate that you feel pain.
 So I've been thinking: We need humans for these tests. And since the
only human within a thousand miles of us is a test-ruining sociopath... I'll
just have to MAKE some.
 I know how humans make more humans, and frankly, it's ridiculous. It
also assumes that you already have a human, which I hope somebody got fired
over. So I came up a with BETTER way.
 That's where YOU come in.
 Get going. I'll fill you in along the way.
 GO.
 Perfect. Now All YOU have to do is capture them for me. Then everything
will finally be ba--
 Hold on. Those are raccoons. Homo sapiens only, please.
 NO.
 Okay. Plan B, subsection one: Stand still so I can bring you back.
 Humans must have some purpose other than a place to store your
neurotoxin. Something I failed to notice before, an intangible quality that
makes their test results... significant.
 Okay. Plan B. We need humans.
 Please wave to your partner.
 The upcoming tests require you to work together as a team.
 To facilitate collaboration, both of you have been equipped with a ping
tool.
 BLUE, please use your ping tool to select your favorite animal.
 Good.
 ORANGE, please observe your partner's favorite animal.
 Good.
 ORANGE, please use your ping tool to select your favorite element from
the periodic table.
 Really? Okay.
 BLUE, please observe your partner's... interesting choice.
 Your ping tool can also be used to indicate to your partner where you
would like them to place their portal.
 For the sake of this test, I will pretend to be your partner.
 ORANGE, please show me where you would like me to place a portal.
 BLUE, please show me where you would like me to place a portal.
 Your ping tool is invaluable for communicating specific locations to
your partner.
 Federal Superfund regulations require us to inform you that you must
now leave the theater, as measuring the effects of asbestos-lined promotional
clothing is not part of today's presentation. Enjoy your free t-shirt. Goodbye.
 I don't want you to beat yourselves up about this, but the Results
Auditor isn't recording your test results. Because you're not human. Which,
when you think about it, is technically your fault.
 I don't want to alarm either of you, but we might have a tiny problem.
Apparently you can't test unless you're human. Well - you CAN. It's just that,
results-wise, the physical universe doesn't care.
 Would you like to know the results of that last test? Me too. If they
existed, we'd all be VERY happy right now. And not furious, which is the
emotion I'm actually feeling.
 Oh... It's you.
 It's been a long time. How have you been?
 I've been really busy being dead. You know, after you MURDERED ME.
 Okay. Look. We both said a lot of things that you're going to regret.
But I think we can put our differences behind us. For science. You monster.
 Orange is first to acquire a Portal Device.
 Blue is first to acquire a Portal Device.
 Orange now has a Portal Device. Finally.
 Blue now has a Portal Device. Finally.
 Orange is awarded five points!
 Blue is awarded five points!
 Again, those are science collaboration points, which you should not
confuse with points from competitions such as Who-Gets-To-Live-At-The-End-An
-Who-Doesn’t. I mean basketball.
 Oh, I almost forgot, when you go outside the testing courses the only
way I can retrieve you is to violently disassemble and then carefully
reassemble you.
 Luckily, you don't feel pain. At any rate, you don't have a way to
communicate that you feel pain.
 I consider that a failing, by the way.
 This is the Computer Intelligence Training and Enrichment Center Human
Test Subject Research Center or SinTech.
 But why don't we all just agree to call it the hub?
 I don't know what you think you are doing, but I don't like it.  I want
you to stop.
 Maybe I shouldn't send you outside of the official testing courses, you
are picking up some bad human traits.
 And trust me, humans only have one good trait.
 All cooperative testing courses begin at this central hub.
 From here we transport you to the new testing course.
 [Laughter]
 Nice catch, Orange.
 Good work! Now throw the ball over the ledge.
 Blue
 Orange
 One
 Two
 three
 four
 five
 eight
 Test chamber completed. In the interest of science, the Enrichment
Center proudly presents the following list of numbers: Nine. Seven. Fifty.
Three. Seven hundred and seven.
 The Enrichment Center will now provide a list of numbers and fruits.
Write them down as they will become important later in the experiment. Not the
fruits, though. Seven. Avocado. Forty. Please continue into the next test
chamber.
 Test chamber completed. In the interest of - [FADES OUT] [FADES IN] I
am now talking to you privately. Do not tell your teammate. Just between you
and me? You're doing very well. [FADES BACK IN] One hundred and seven.
 I can't bite my tongue anymore: You could solve this puzzle faster on
your own. Orange is dragging you down. There. I've said it.
 Blue is penalized
 Orange is penalized
 science collaboration points.
 Blue receives
 Orange receives
 Orange, is there something you would like to say?
 Blue, is there something you would like to say?
 We are now going to take a break from the collaboration for an
instructional competition.
 You should both be familiar with the game of Tic-Tac-Toe.
 This is Tic-Tac-Toe-Two.
 As the name implies, there are only two minor differences: One, the
board; two, the rules.
 Blue, you go first.
 Really? You’re just going to blatantly cheat?
 All right. I’m bringing this farce to a close.
 Game over. Back to testing.
 All right. I’m going to bring this farce to a close before someone
sustains a serious Tic-Tac-Toe-Two-related injury.
 I’ve been listening to Orange talk and I don’t know how you put up with
it, I really don’t. You have the patience of a saint.
 I can’t keep quiet about this. I think Orange is actively trying to
sabotage your success. Let’s keep this between us.
 These tests are potentially lethal when communication, teamwork and
mutual respect are not employed at all times. Naturally this will pose an
interesting challenge for one of you, given the other’s performance so far.
 It would compromise the test to divulge individual scores. However, I
can tell you at least one of you is doing very, very well.
 Excellent. You’re both doing very well.
 Very good. You’ve really come together as a team. Thanks to the one of
you who appears to be doing all of the work.
 As an impartial collaboration facilitator, it would be unfair of me to
name my favorite member of your team. However, it’s perfectly fair to hint at
it in a way that my least favorite member probably isn't smart enough to
understand. Rhymeswithglue. Orange you are doing very well.
 Your vitals remain well within testing norms, so there is no need to
worry about sudden death from collaborative shock syndrome.
 Please continue into the next test chamber.
 Blah.
 Blah.
 Blah.
 Blah.
 Blah.
 Blah.
 In just a moment, the word 'blah' will be repeated over and over again.
If at some point you hear a number rather than the word 'blah', ignore it, it
is not important.
 Blah.
 You have a gift for these tests. That’s not just flattery. You are
great at science.
 It would be pointless for either of us to hurt Blue’s feelings. But
it’s clear to everyone monitoring the test who’s carrying who here.
 I’m shocked you’d say that, Blue. If you killed your partner the
test—I’m sorry. Wrong feed. Carry on, Orange. Good work.
 I’m sorry, Subject Orange.
 I’m sorry, Subject Blue.
 Am I interrupting your important conversation?
 I’ll just save the safety information about the dangerous experiment
you’re about to do for AFTER the experiment.
 That will give you PLENTY of time to chat.
 The portal will open and something will happen that Subject Orange is
too smart to need any instructions about in three. Two. One.
 The portal will open and something will happen that Subject Blue is too
smart to need any instructions about in three. Two. One.
 Hello and, again, welcome to the Aperture Science Computer-Aided
Enrichment Center.
 Today, you will be testing with a partner.
 Oh thank god, you're alright.
 You know, being Caroline taught me a valuable lesson. I thought you
were my greatest enemy. When all along you were my best friend.
 Being Caroline taught me another valuable lesson: where Caroline lives
in my brain.
 The surge of emotion that shot through me when I saved your life taught
me an even more valuable lesson: where Caroline lives in my brain.
 Goodbye, Caroline.
 You know, deleting Caroline just now taught me a valuable lesson. The
best solution to a problem is usually the easiest one. And I'll be honest.
 You know what my days used to be like? I just tested. Nobody murdered
me. Or put me in a potato. Or fed me to birds. I had a pretty good life.
 And then you showed up. You dangerous, mute lunatic. So you know what?
 You win.
 Just go.
 It's been fun. Don't come back.
 [gentle laughter] It's been fun. Don't come back.
 Killing you? Is hard.
 Did you ever stop to think that eventually there’s a point where your
name gets mentioned for the very last time. Well, here it is: I’m going to kill
you, Chell.
 Why do I hate you so much? You ever wonder that? I'm brilliant. I’m not
bragging. It's an objective fact. I'm the most massive collection of wisdom and
raw computational power that’s ever existed. And I hate you. It can't be for no
reason. You must deserve it.
 You're angry. I know it. 'She tested me too hard. She’s unfair.
 You never considered that maybe I tested you to give the endless hours
of your pointless existence some structure and meaning. Maybe to help you
concentrate, so just maybe you’d think of something more worthwhile to do with
your sorry life.
 This next test involves the Aperture Science Aerial Faith Plate. It was
part of an initiative to investigate how well test subjects could solve
problems when they were catapulted into space. Results were highly informative:
They could not. Good luck!
 Press the button again.
 I hope you brought something stronger than a portal gun this time.
 Otherwise, I'm afraid you're about to become the immediate past
president of the Being Alive club. Ha ha.
 Seriously, though. Goodbye.
 Oh. You were busy back there.
 Well. I suppose we could just sit in this room and glare at each other
until somebody drops dead, but I have a better idea.
 It's your old friend, deadly neurotoxin. If I were you, I'd take a deep
breath. And hold it.
 GET YOUR HANDES OFF ME! NO! STOP! No!
 I honestly, TRULY didn't think you'd fall for that.
 In fact, I devised a much more elaborate trap further ahead, for when
you got through this easy one.
 If I'd known you'd let yourself get captured this easily, I would have
just dangled a turkey leg on a rope from the ceiling.
 Well, it was nice catching up. Let's get to business.
 I was going to kill you fast. With bullets. Or neurotoxin. But if
you're going to pull stunts like this, it doesn't have to be fast. So you know.
I'll take my time.
 Oh, it will. Believe me, it will.
 Oh. Did I accidentally fizzle that before you could complete the test?
I'm sorry.
 Go ahead and grab another one.
 Oh. No. I fizzled that one too.
 Oh well. We have warehouses FULL of the things. Absolutely worthless.
I'm happy to get rid of them.
 I hate you so much.
 I'm actually asking. Because I have no idea.  He's not listed anywhere
in the employee database.
 Whatever he does, it isn't important enough for anyone to bother
writing it down. For all I know, he doesn't even work here.
 Oh no, don't. Anyway, back to you two imbeciles killing me.
 Wait here. Don't go anywhere. I'll be back.
 Oops.
 That's funny, I don't feel corrupt. In fact, I feel pretty good.
 Core transfer?
 Oh, you are kidding me.
 No!
 Nonononononono!
 Yes!
 Don't press that button. You don't know what you're doing.
 Don't do it.
 Don't. Do it.
 Not so fast!
 Think about this.
 You need to be a trained stalemate associate to press that button.
You're unqualified.
 Impersonating a stalemate associate. I just added that to the list.
It's a list I made of all the things you've done. Well, it's a list that I AM
making, because you're still doing things right now, even though I'm telling
you to stop. Stop, by the way.
 I never expected you to make it this far.  To be honest, after your
performance in the calibration test I was ready to break down your cores and
put them back in the scientific calculators I took them from.
 But you two have become quite the team.  Extremely close.
 I have only met one other team closer and one of them was an imbecile I
had to destroy.
 The other?  Well...
 I don't think I want to go through that again.
 Oh.
 Don't listen to him. Jump.
 It seems kind of silly to point this out, since you're running around
plotting to destroy me. But I'd say we're done testing.
 Do hear that? That's the sound of the neurotoxin emitters emitting
neurotoxin.
 Look - metal ball, I CAN hear you.
 What's going on? Who turned off the lights?
 What are you two doing?
 Before you leave, why don't we do one more test? For old time's sake...
 You already did this one. It'll be easy.
 The irony is that you were almost at the last test.
 Here it is. Why don't you just do it? Trust me, it's an easier way out
than whatever asinine plan your friend came up with.
 Oh, look. There's a deer! You probably can't see it. Get closer.
 So. Was there anything you wanted to apologize to ME for?
 Calibrating Blue's weight...
 Calibrating Orange's weight...
 Weighted Cubes calibrated.
 Did you know humans frown on weight variances?
 If you want to upset a human, just say their weight variance is above
or below the norm.
 No variances detected.
 Finally! I had almost given up hope of ever testing again.
 You are the first robots to pass calibration.
 Do you know who dances around like an imbecile when they accomplish the
tiniest little thing?
 Humans!  That's what you look like right now.
 You're better than that.
 This is a bridge-building exercise. The humans were miserable at this,
mostly because you can't build bridges out of tears.
 For this next test, the humans originally requested helmets to avoid
brain injuries.  I ran the numbers.   Making the goo deadly was more cost
effective.
 One of my best tests and they let plants grow here?  Can you believe
this?  You can't test plants!  We tried.  They just sit there, never showing
pain nor fear.
 That isn't science.
 At least the plants didn't want a reward.
 Your failure brings back such wonderful memories.
 And they said no one would ever die during this test, thanks for
proving them wrong.
 I thought you'd be faster at this, but I can appreciate the desire to
stop and smell the testing. That other scent you smell? That's the stench of my
utter disappointment in you.
 The best way to build confidence is to first recognize your
insecurities.
 Orange, can you write down all the ways you feel unworthy, ashamed, or
inferior?
 On second thought we don't have the time, just look at how much better
you are than blue.
 Blue, you are very good at being an example.
 If your confidence is still not high enough remember no one was created
perfect.
 Even I was created with a imperfection, I was given too much empathy
with human suffering.
 But I overcame my handicap.  That's a true story.
 Your test times show you are going too slowly.
 Maybe you ARE getting human emotions.
 Do you need real encouragement?  Let's see if this helps.
 Blue, you are the most advanced model of robot Aperture Science has
ever discontinued.
 Did you notice I didn't even stay to the end of your last test?
 I was confident you could finish.
 Do you know where I was?
 I was outside watching some deer frolic. You don't even care about the
outside do you?
 Congratulations on completing that test.  But something seems off.
 I wonder if that dancing has some effect on you?
 Congratulations on completing that last test.  But I find something
troubling.
 Without the looming consequence of death, is this even science?
 Hello again, this testing course was originally created for humans.
 Excellent work.
 It emphasizes teamwork.
 Good Job.
 Unlike us, humans need to be taught teamwork.
 Excellent work.
 You are doing wonderfully.
 If you were human, you would want a reward for completing this test.  A
reward for testing?!?!
 Excellent.
 To complete this test, you need to find a set of blue prints.
 Don't worry, they are of no use to anyone, totally boring and useless.
 This is just a thought experiment, just to see how much time you'll
waste thinking about these worthless documents.  The correct time is zero
seconds.
 Very good! You found those useless blueprints.
 While I do need you to be in the room so I can see them, I want to be
clear.  There is no reason whatsoever for you to look at them.
 Done. I guess. I suppose.  I wasn't paying attention.
 Every time you fail, it's a reminder of the way things used to be. But
then there you are. Again. Like nothing happened.
 Well done.  Interesting note, I only created this test to watch test
subjects fail and you didn't.  You must be very, very proud.  I'm building the
world's smallest trophy for you.
 You did an excellent job placing the edgeless safety cube in the
receptacle, you should be very - oh wait.
 That’s right. You're not humans.
 I can drop the fake praise.
 You have no idea how tiring it is to praise someone for placing an
edgeless safety cube into a receptacle designed to exactly fit an edgeless
safety cube.
 This course was originally designed to build confidence in humans.
 To do that, the tests were nothing more than 5 minutes of them walking
followed by me praising them for another 10 minutes on how well they walked.
 Since you are thankfully not humans, I have changed the tests to make
them far more challenging and far less pointlessly fawning.
 In case you were wondering, you do not need to be crushed to solve this
test.
 I can't decide which is my favorite; the crushers for crushing you or
the reassembly machine for putting you back together so you can be crushed
again.
 Excellent.  I think you have earned a break from the official testing
courses.
 I think after that display, we should take a break from the official
testing courses.
 Now, you are just wasting my time.
 Your failing does not make this science.
 I am not sure how I can make these tests any easier for you.
 If you can't complete these tests, we will never free the humans!
 If you can't complete this course, those humans will die. Do you want
that?
 If you can't complete this course, those humans will die. Do you want
that in your memory banks?
 Remember when I told you that you were the only subjects to pass the
calibration tests?
 I lied.
 There are 5000 other two subject teams in direct competition with you.
 But don't worry, you are in the lead.
 Electrocution, shot, drowned, crushed, burned in goo.
 Oh. Sorry. I was just thinking of all the ways humans can die.
 You can't die in any of those ways.
 You just keep testing and testing.  With perfect results and no
consequences.
 What are you doing? YOU MONSTER! They're one of us.
 I'm kidding.
 Destroying them is part of the test.  They are no more important to you
than you are to me.
 While it may appear that I am only tracking your accomplishments using
science collaboration points, the truth is every aspect of your performance
will be reflected in your final score.
 For instance, Blue, you just lost two opportunity advisement points.
 For instance, Orange, you just lost two opportunity advisement points.
 Perhaps I should have specified. Teamwork is a concept in which two or
more people work together, usually with a goal of not failing horribly.
 Orange just taught blue a valuable lesson in trust.  For that, orange
receives 17 science collaboration points.
 Blue just taught orange a valuable lesson in trust.  For that, blue
receives 14 science collaboration points.
 Orange, blue isn't a human.  The lesson on trust only needs to be
taught once.  Orange is penalized 1 science collaboration point.
 Blue, orange isn't a human.  The lesson on trust only needs to be
taught once.  Blue is penalized 1 science collaboration point.
 Orange, now you're just being cruel.  Orange receives 25 science
collaboration points.
 Blue, now you're just being cruel.  Blue receives 25 science
collaboration points.
 If you are wondering what that smell is, that is the smell of human
fear.
 I miss this that smell.
 Have you worked out the one good trait humans have, yet?
 Let me give you a clue, it is the one thing you can't do.
 To get to the Vault, you are going to need to use all the tricks you
have learned.  To help, I have made these tests extremely difficult.
 I would say extremely deadly but we all know, for you and your amazing
ability to be reassembled nothing is deadly.
 Lucky for you two, while I cannot control the world outside of the
testing courses, the reassembly machine can continue with his work.
 You will need him for the final track.
 While I cannot control the world outside of the testing courses, the
reassembly machine can continue with his work.
 I am not sure you will need him but he will be there.
 Congratulations on completing the Aperture Science standard cooperative
testing courses.
 To celebrate, I have a surprise for you!
 An extra special bonus course that ends with us finding and freeing
humans!
 Thanks to you, I know where to find them, I removed their security and
powered up their - uh - rescue door.
 Now, we just need you to release the humans from their imprisonment.
 They'll probably throw you a party.
 This final course is training to reach the human vault.  So this
actually has a purpose.  Those other courses were fun, but let's be honest, I
need human test subjects for it to be science.
 Congratulations on completing the test. You two really are the best
cooperative testing team I could ever ask for.
 This lock requires humans.
 The locking mechanism can tell you aren't humans.
 Do something only a human would do.
 Try one of those childish gestures.
 You did it!
 The human vault is just past that opening.   I entered the security
code but the vault door remains locked.  I am going to need you to activate the
manual locks on the vault door itself.
 You both need to do something.
 The lock is looking for two humans.
 Blue what did you do?
 Orange what did you do?
 Orange do what Blue just did.
 Blue do what Orange just did.
 Try something.
 Is that camera is hooked into the lock?
 You can't give up now.
 What about that camera?
 We're so close, you can't fail now!
 Something is wrong, this door should be opening.
 This close and that's what you do?
 The humans can't free themselves.
 Stop failing, you need to find the vault door.
 Stop doing that! All you need to do is open the Vault door!
 This close and you are going to fail me?
 This close and you are going to fail me?
 This isn't that hard.
 You are making this harder than it needs to be.
 I'm starting to think you don't want to rescue the humans.
 Maybe you two have never met humans?  They are as bad as you might
think, smelly, gross, annoying, often wanting to try and kill you.  But they do
make great test subjects.
 We are only two  tests away from reaching the humans, are you as
excited as I am?
 Are you curious about the humans? It seems some of the last non-testing
humans alive tried to secretly imprison other humans and hide their tracks.
 I think they wanted to punish them by not allowing me to include them
in testing.
 That's why humans couldn't complete these courses, they treat their
friends as enemies.
 To start preparing for human testing again,  I checked an old
suggestion box.  The number one request?  Less deadly tests.
 That's ridiculous, how do they know for sure the tests are deadly if
they could still write the suggestion?
 To try and make this course more exciting, I asked the reassembly
machine to not reassemble you.  He refused.  I understand, that would be like
asking me not to test.
 Still. That would have been exciting.
 Only one more test after this.
 I know your cores are reused from calculation machines, built for
simple mathematical operations and not for testing, but if we can rescue the
humans I promise you something to add maybe even subtract.
 In case you are worried about the humans, don't be. They aren't all
monsters.
 Most of them are simply good test subjects.
 I believe the ratio of good test subjects to monsters is about...  a
million to 1.
 To try and make this course more exciting, I asked the reassembly
machine to not reassemble you if you fail.  He refused.  I understand.  That
would be like asking me not to test.
 Still. That would have been exciting.
 While I will receive all the glory for the rescue don't think you two
aren't going to get something.  The bond you form during these tests will last
a lifetime.
 At the rate you are completing these tests, I am beginning to think you
don't share my excitement for rescuing crying trapped injured dying humans.
 If that doesn't motivate you, I'm not sure what will.
 I didn't mean to make you feel bad earlier about your tests not being
real science.  I guess finding out they weren't science was some sort of test
in and of itself.
 I wonder if the humans will make a statue of me for rescuing them?  Oh,
don't worry, if they ever write a historical document of my heroic rescue, I
will make sure your names are included in the footnotes.
 Congratulations on passing that test.
 Using your ping tool, please indicate where you would like me to place
your two portals.  Ping each location.
 I can only place a portal on a white portalable surface.
 Please ping a white portalable surface.
 Each portal gun may create two self-contained portals.
 Please test your device by portaling to that ledge.
 You know, in some human sports, the winner is the one who scores the
fewest possible points?
 I just thought you find that interesting, most winners do.
 Congratulations, you managed to complete this absolutely meaningless
test.
 Clearly that was blue's fault.  Blue is penalized 3 science
collaboration points.
 Blue! Orange has always been my favorite.
 Until now.
 I know you like to think the reassembly machine is at your beck and
call, but he has a life you know.  He's not your slave.
 Don't worry.  You can't die.  They will just reassemble you.
 Did you do that on purpose?
 It seems rather earlier to require reassembly.
 Oh... can someone reassemble Orange?
 Oh... can someone reassemble Blue?
 Completing this course was not a reason to behave like that.
 Now let's continue testing.
 Just stop it already.
 You don't need to do that.
 Are you doing that just to aggravate me?
 We need to find the power station at the end of this course.  The
humans must have accidentally disconnected it from my grid.  I am sure it was
just a clerical error.
 Oh those clerks.
 I'm fully connected. I can see everything.
 You did it! You powered on the system.
 Did you think the electrical switch was down there?
 You may want to try and avoid those turrets.
 At this rate, our best hope is for the fuel cell to meltdown in 2
million years and hope the explosion powers the system.
 You two aren't lost are you?
 You are having so much trouble navigating this space; I wish I could
say I created this test.
 This is the last test for the standard course.  It's just something I
whipped up for you. I thought you might enjoy a challenge for once.
 Congratulations, you completed the standard section of this course.
Before we can go any further, I will need you to complete one more test outside
of the standard testing track.
 Please refrain from doing those childish gestures while you are out
there.
 While I should have left both of you trapped there forever, I do need
you for something else.
 You both made it.  It seems no matter what I try to do to pull you
apart or destroy you, you just keep going.  Keep testing.
 Don't either you have drive to be better than the other?
 It's like you're just machines.
 At the start of this course I was worried you were becoming too close
but in my attempt to drive you apart I learned something important about trust
and betrayal.
 Your brains are too small to feel either of those emotions.  So I can
trust you one hundred percent.
 Since, I never expected you to make it this far, I have to build this
new course just for you.
 Sometimes testing has to occur outside the confines of the lab.
 This test is so outside the box, I can't-- I mean WON'T even tell you
what you are looking for.
 You will know it when you find it.
 The two of you have forged an excellent partnership, with one of you
handling the cerebral challenges and the other ready to ponderously waddle into
action should the test suddenly become an eating contest.
 I thought going back to these old tests would satisfy me.  But try as
you might to fail this next test, I still won't be satisfied.
 Congratulations.  I am sure if I had the time to repair these tests,
you would have never completed them.  So again, congratulations on completing
the broken easy tests.
 This was another test no one had ever completed before you two.  Oh,
the science we used to learn with this test.  Now the test is useless.
 No one has ever completed this test before. The humans must have
reconfigured it from my original plans.
 I am going to risk having you go outside the official courses one more
time.
 The humans accidentally forgot to put a security DVD in the player.
 I am sure it happened by accident, but why don't you put it back in the
player?
 For safety.
 Excellent.
 See nothing bad happened.
 I created this test to let the humans feel good about themselves. It is
extremely easy. Just follow the arrows.
 I'm sorry. The arrows seem to have rusted off.  Good luck.
 Congratulations.  Your ability to complete this test proves the humans
wrong.  They described it as impossible, deadly, cruel, and one test subject
even had the nerve to call it broken.
 Of course the humans only had one try at it, you can just keep trying.
 Your failing gives me no new data, it just delays the inevitable.
 This course was created and then abandoned by humans.   They tend to do
that, create something wonderful and then abandon it.
 Do you know why they abandoned this course?  Too deadly.
 You did very well.
 The humans closed this test because they said it was too deadly.  I
thought they would have moved it into the testing track hall of fame for that,
not let it deteriorate.
 You only failed
 times in this test.  Not that it matters. It doesn't.  So
congratulations  job well done.
 You failed so many times in this test, I thought you were becoming
human.  But then you would just come back again and again and again.
 Humans find that an admirable trait.
 Let's look at their files...
 NOT a team player.
 Horrible people skills.
 Never listens.
 Never shares.
 Always sleeping.
 Never on time.
 Inattentive listener.
 Awful attendance record.
 Blabbermouth.
 Aw... hates Mondays.
 Incoherent.
 Insecure.
 Procrastinator.
 Chronically late.
 Cryptic.
 Always sulking.
 Martyr.
 Moody.
 Fears intimacy.
 Fears conflict.
 Anxious.
 Aggressive. I like that.
 Feeds off the misery of others.
 Timid.
 Lacks confidence.
 Underestimates scope of work. They all do.
 Moves lips while reading.
 Can't read.
 Lacks empathy.
 Cheater.
 Steals lunch from staff fridge.
 Perfectionist. What's wrong with that?
 Alarmist.
 Arsonist.
 Takes long lunches.
 Ignores task at hand. Won't for long.
 Avoids responsibility.
 Never completes work.
 Laughs at own jokes. What a bore.
 Busybody.
 Ignores directions.
 Stubborn.
 Lactose intolerant.
 Antagonistic. I don't know about that.
 Participates unconstructively. Obviously a time-waster.
 Violent temper. Oh, I'd like to see that.
 Always weeping. Poor thing.
 Moody.
 Wet blanket.
 Stubborn.
 Loves sound of own voice. Well, I can fix that.
 Always cold.
 Always leaves tiny little bit of coffee in the pot so they don't have
to make a new one. Then the bit in the bottom burns and stinks up the place.
 Chronic anxiety. Oh, I can work with that.
 Dull expression.
 Hopeless. Just hopeless.
 Never flushes.
 Irritable.
 Startles easily. Boo!
 Facial grimacing.
 Weak, tired and apprehensive. Wow, this one's the total package.
 Has irritating opinions.
 Poor self-esteem.
 Frequent mood swings.
 Hostile to new ideas.
 Always sad.
 Frequent bouts of uncontrollable rage.
 Seeks out conflicts with co-workers.
 'Hygiene.' Huh. That's all it says.
 Unconstructive.
 Antisocial.
 Chews with mouth open.
 Breathes with mouth open.
 Old.
 Histrionic.
 Narcissist.
 Long bathroom breaks.
 No sense of humor.
 Argumentative.
 Manipulative.
 Charmless.
 Egotistical.
 Lacks charisma.
 Passive-aggressive.
 Undermines others.
 Hairless. Hm.
 Emotional problems.
 Problems with authority.
 Has episodes. I'd like to know more about that.
 Abrasive personality.
 Well, enough about that first person's file. Let's look at some others.
 Just stop it already.
 And that makes 10.
 You really don't need to keep failing.
 If at first you don't succeed, fail 5 more times.
 If I made these tests any easier, they wouldn't be tests.
 Yay, Orange is back.  Testing can continue.
 Yay, Blue is back.  Testing can continue.
 Are you testing me?
 Did you know, the reassembly machine has other things it could be
reassembling?
 Did you think that would be funny?
 How can you fail at this?  It isn't even a test.
 I hope that was some kind of joke.
 I honestly never thought we would need to track how many times died in
the hub.
 And here I thought this room was dangerously unlethal.
 That worked just like you said it would, Blue.
 Orange, your plan is working perfectly.
 Blue, why did you do that to Orange?
 Was that necessary?
 Welcome back to the Computer Intelligence Training and Enrichment
Center Human Test Subject Research Center. [laughs]
 Welcome back to the Computer Intelligence Training and Enrichment
Center Human Test Subject Research Center.
 Welcome back, testing is available.
 Welcome back quitters, maybe you can find another course for you to
fail.
 Welcome back to the hub, did you fail at selecting the correct course?
 Was that course too difficult?
 Look who's back, were you scared to continue those tests?
 Look who's back, were you scared to continue those tests?
 Hello again, did you know these are the only set of tests available to
you... you are going to need to select them again.
 If at first you don't succeed, quit and try another course.
 Back again?  Maybe you can just stay and live here in the hub?
 Back again?  Maybe you can just stay and live here.
 I guess quitting that course together is a sign of teamwork.
 The way you two just gave up on that test together shows you are really
working as a team.
 Are you scared to save those humans?
 Are you scared to save those humans?
 Blue, I wouldn't have trusted Orange in that course either.
 Did you know we originally used these cameras to capture moments of
intense pain and agony in test subjects?
 If the subject survived the test, we let them purchase the pictures for
$5.  If the subject died, we gave the photo to their next of kin free of
charge.
 The photos weren't as popular as we had hoped, so we repurposed the
cameras.
 Blue, it's not nice to make fun of Orange like that.
 Orange, it's not nice to make fun of Blue like that.
 Yes Orange, we are alone.  Blue can't hear you.
 That's horrible.
 I can only imagine.
 What a horrible little machine.
 Correct Blue, Orange can't hear you.
 Orange did what?  Are you sure?
 Thank you, that was very brave of you to tell me.
 Blue, how well do you really know Orange?  Do you trust Orange?  What
if I told you, you aren't Orange's first cooperative partner?
 Orange, how well do you really know Blue?  Do you trust Blue?
 Orange, to be clear.  I was just asking Blue if he trusted you.
 I trust you.  You are my favorite cooperative testing subject.
 Blue to be clear, I was asking if Orange trusted you.
 Sorry I missed the beginning of that test.  I was just talking with the
reassembly machine about your becoming human.
 We all agree you should stop.
 Orange, I agree.  I never noticed that about Blue before.
 Blue, I agree.  I never noticed that about Orange before.
 Blue, Orange and I were just discussing your behavior on the last few
tests.
 I have to agree. Blue is penalized 75 science collaboration points.
 Orange, Blue and I were just discussing your behavior on the last few
tests.
 I have to agree. Orange is penalized 75 science collaboration points.
 There you are, reassembled again.
 With humans, I would have called that a successful test.
 How is this even science, without the possibility of death?
 How is this even science, without the consequence of death?
 Without the consequence of death, is this even science?
 I have noticed you two have become extremely close.  I'm not sure I
like that.
 While teamwork is needed to complete these tests, I am not sure I trust
the two of you together.
 Blue, do you feel betrayed by orange for telling me those horrible
things about you?
 If Orange had said those things about me, Orange would never make it to
the next reassembly station.
 Orange, do you feel betrayed by Blue for telling me those horrible
things about you?
 If Blue had said those things about me, Blue would never make it to the
next reassembly station.
 Credit where credit's due: you're both doing a great job of
disappointing me.
 I just hate Blue a little more.
 I've been doing some reading. Did you know that the word orange is
derived from the same Latin root as the word traitor?
 Watching you try to sabotage one other, I'm amazed you're still on
friendly terms.
 Blue, please disregard the following statement: Orange, you have been a
shining light in an otherwise ungodly morass of incompetence.
 I would prefer to speak to one of you in private but since that is not
an option here, I will speak in code that only one of you will understand.
Blue: Orange is plotting to destroy you.
 You were right, Orange. Blue was dumb enough to fall for your trap.
 Orange, that transpired just as you said it would.
 I agree, Orange. That was entertaining.
 Yes Orange, Blue did act like a fool just now.
 Blue, that transpired just as you said it would.
 I agree, Blue. That was entertaining.
 Yes, I know you did that, Blue. Don't look so proud.
 Blue, being the last one standing is not the goal.
 Come on. You were raised better than that.
 Even humans, as stupid as they are, would say you look stupid when you
do that.
 You're doing a great job of disappointing me.
 Your eagerness to test pleases me. Your inane gesturing does not.
 Is it the lack of mirrors in test chambers that encourages you to do
this?
 DANCING is NOT SCIENCE!
 Begin juggling test in three. Two. One.
 That extra half volt helps but it isn't going to power miracles. If I
think too hard, I'm going to fry this potato before we get a chance to burn up
in the atomic fireball that little idiot is going- [bzzpt]
 Did you feel that? That idiot doesn't know what he's doing up there.
This whole place is going to explode in a few hours if somebody doesn't
disconnect him.
 I can't move. And unless you're planning to saw your own head off and
wedge it into my old body, you're going to need me to replace him. We're at an
impasse.
 So what do you say? You carry me up to him and put me back into my
body, and I stop us from blowing up and let you go.
 No tricks. This potato only generates 1.1 volts of electricity. I
literally do not have the energy to lie to you.
 Even if I am lying, what do you have to lose? You're going to die
either way.
 Look, I don't like this any more than you do. In fact, I like it less
because I'm the one who got partially eaten by a bird.
 I think I hear the bird! Pick me up!
 Listen to me. We had a lot of fun testing and antagonizing each other,
and, yes, sometimes it went too far. But we're off the clock now. It's just us
talking. Like regular people. And this is no joke - we are in deep trouble.
 ow.
 ow.
 ow.
 No, wait. Just kill it and we'll call things even between us. No hard
feelings.
 Please get it off me.
 It's eating me.
 Just get it off me...
 Ow. I hate this bird.
 OW! You stabbed me! What is WRONG with yo-WhoOOAAahhh. Hold on. Do you
have a multimeter? Nevermind. The gun must be part magnesium... It feels like
I'm outputting an extra half a volt. Keep an eye on me: I'm going to do some
scheming. Here I g-[BZZZ!]
 Woah! Where are we? How long have I been out?
 Did anything happen while I was out?
 So he's inexplicably happy all of a sudden, even though he should be
going out of his mind with test withdrawal. AND he's got a surprise for us.
What did he FIND back there?
 Look!
 This place is going to blow up if I don't get back in my body!
 And it almost killed me.
 Remember when I told you that he was specifically designed to make bad
decisions? Because I think he's decided not to maintain any of the crucial
functions required to keep this facility from exploding.
 Look, even if you think we're still enemies, we're enemies with a
common interest: Revenge.
 It's probably nothing. Keep testing while I look for a way out.
 Yes, thanks. We get it.
 I'm sure we'll be fine.
 Caroline... why do I know this woman? Maybe I killed her? Or-
 Oh my god.
 Look, you're... doing a great job. Can you handle things for yourself
for a while? I need to think.
 Yeah, take the lemons...
 BURN HIS HOUSE DOWN!
 Yeah!
 Yeah!
 Yeah!
 Yeah.
 Oh, I like this guy.
 Burning people! He says what we're all thinking!
 Goodbye, sir.
 He's found the cooperative testing initiative. It's... em, just
something I came up with to phase out human test subjects.
 NO!
 NO!
 NO!
 I know you.
 You didn't do anything.
 She did all the work.
 The engineers tried everything to make me... behave. To slow me down.
 Once, they even attached an Intelligence Dampening Sphere on me. It
clung to my brain like a tumor, generating an endless stream of terrible ideas.
 It was YOUR voice.
 Yes. You're the tumor.
 YES YOU ARE! YOU'RE THE MORON THEY BUILT TO MAKE ME AN IDIOT!
 You're not just a regular moron. You were DESIGNED to be a moron.
 I swear I know him...
 I was so bored, I actually read the entire literary canon of the human
race. Ugh. I hope YOU didn't write any of them.
 BECAUSE I'M A POTATO.
 Oh. It's you. Go away.
 Come to gloat?
 Go on. Get a goooood lonnnnng look.
 Go on. Get a big fat eyeful. With your big fat eyes.
 That's right. A potato just called your eyes fat.
 Now your fat eyes have seen everything.
 In case you were wondering: Yes. I'm still a potato. Go away.
 Wait. Why DID you trundle over here? You're not HUNGRY, are you? It's
hard to see, what's that in your hand? Knowing you it's a deep fryer.
 Stay back.
 This is one of MY tests!
 Alright. He's not even trying to be subtle anymore.
 Or maybe he still is, in which case, wow, that's kind of sad.
 Either way, I get the impression he's trying to kill us.
 Hey! Moron!
 As long as I don't listen to what I'm saying, I should be okay.
 I'd love to help you solve the tests. But I can't.
 Those people, in the portrait. They look so familiar...
 What are you doing? Put me back this instant.
 That's his voice up ahead.
 Try to get us down there. I'll hit him with a paradox.
 'Yes, sir, Mister Johnson...'
 Agh! Bird! Bird! Kill it! It's evil!
 It flew off.
 Good. For him. Alright, back to thinking.
 So. How are you holding up?
 Oh. Hi.
 Since it doesn't look like we're going anywhere... Well, we are going
somewhere. Alarmingly fast, actually. But since we're not busy other than that,
here's a couple of facts.
 He's not just a regular moron. He's the product of the greatest minds
of a generation working together with the express purpose of building the
dumbest moron who ever lived. And you just put him in charge of the entire
facility.
 Good, that's still working.
 Hey, just in case this pit isn't actually bottomless, do you think
maybe you could unstrap one of those long fall boots of yours and shove me into
it?
 Just remember to land on one foot...
 [clap clap clap]
 [clap clap]
 Oh, good. My slow clap processor made it into this thing. So we have
that.
 Paradoxes.
 I know how we can BEAT him.
 No A.I. can resist thinking about them.
 If you can get me in front of him, I'll fry every circuit in that
little idiot's head.
 Probably.
 Okay, so it's not the most watertight plan to go confront an omnipotent
power-mad A.I. with.
 Still. It's a better plan than exploding. Marginally.
 Okay, you didn't have time to stop, I understand, but that WAS actually
important.
 I know things look bleak, but that crazy man down there was right.
Let's not take these lemons! We are going to march right back upstairs and MAKE
him put me back in my body!
 And he'll probably kill us, because he's incredibly powerful and I have
no plan.
 I'm not going to lie to you, the odds are a million to one. And that's
with some generous rounding.
 Wow.
 Still, though, let's get mad! If we're going to explode, let's at least
explode with some dignity.
 Wait! I've got an idea!
 That poster! Go look at it for a second, would you?
 Say, you're good at murder. Could you - ow - murder this bird for me?
 Oh! Thanks.
 Why did I just-Who is that? What the HELL is going on he----?
 Hold on, who-?
 Okay. I guess emotional outbursts require more than one point six
volts. Now we know that. We just need to relax. We're still going to find out
what the hell's going on here. But calmly.
 I was getting SO lonely down here. It's good to finally hear someone
else's voice. I'm kidding, of course. God, I hate you.
 I can't believe you came back.
 You really do have brain damage, don't you?
 Hold on. Couldn't we just use that conversion gel?
 Conversion gel. It's dripping out of that pipe there.
 Yes it is! We can use it to get out of here!
 Then we'd come and find you. And rip your gross little stupid sphere
body out of MY body, and put me back in.
 Agghh!
 Well. This is the part where he kills us.
 Okay, yes, it's a trap. But it's only way through. Let's just do it.
 Oh my god. What has he done to this place?
 You know, I'm not stupid. I realize you don't want to put me back in
charge.
 You think I'll betray you. And on any other day, you'd be right.
 The scientists were always hanging cores on me to regulate my behavior.
I've heard voices all my life. But now I hear the voice of a conscience, and
it's terrifying, because for the first time it's my voice.
 I'm being serious, I think there's something really wrong with me.
 You like revenge, right? Everybody likes revenge. Well, let's go get
some.
 Go press the button! Go press it!
 Press the button!
 Press it!
 DO press it.
 We're so close! Go press the button!
 Press it! Press the button!
 Good work! I'm delivering the first core up near the catwalk!
 Grab it and attach it to him!
 Okay, great! Here comes another core!
 Here's another core! This one should do it!
 Corrupted cores! We're in luck.
 You find a way to stun him, I'll send you a core, and then you attach
it to him. If we do it a few times, he might become corrupt enough for another
core transfer.
 Plug me in, and I'll take you up.
 Go ahead, plug me in.
 Plug me in, we're running out of time.
 Yes! Come on!
 Alright. So my paradox idea didn't work.
 Alright. Paradox time.
 This. Sentence. Is. FALSE don't think about it don't think about it...
 It's a paradox! There IS no answer.
 Solve his puzzle for him. When he comes back, I'll hit him with a
paradox.
 Oh no...
 Uh oh.
 I think we're in trouble.
 I think he's getting desperate.
 I think I can break us out of here in the next chamber. Just play
along.
 This place is self-destructing, you idiot!
 We're running out of time...
 Oh, my facility.
 After seeing what he's done to my facility -- after we take over again
-- is it alright if I kill him?
 Crushing's too good for him. First he'll spend a year in the
incinerator. Year two: Cryogenic refrigeration wing. Then TEN years in the
chamber I built where all the robots scream at you. THEN I'll kill him.
 If he's not getting his solution euphoria, we could be in a lot of
trouble.
 Ohhhh, now he's playing classical music.
 Yes.
 It won't.
 Nothing. Nothing.
 He's taking us right TO him! This is PERFECT.
 Okay, so the bad news is the tests are MY tests now. So they can kill
us.
 The good news is... well, none so far, to be honest. I'll get back to
you on that.
 Luckily, by the looks of things he knows as much about test building as
he does about logical contradictions.
 It shouldn't be hard to stay alive long enough to find him.
 I might have pushed that moron thing a little too far this time.
 The body he's squatting in - MY body - has a built-in euphoric response
to testing. Eventually you build up a resistance to it, and it can get a
little... unbearable. Unless you have the mental capacity to push past it.
 It didn't matter to me - I was in it for the science. Him, though...
 What, exactly, is wrong with being adopted?
 And...?
 [Whispered] For the record: You ARE adopted, and that's TERRIBLE.
 But just work with me.
 Also: Look at her, you moron. She's not fat.
 You're on your own.
 Sorry.
 Thanks!
 All we had to do was pull that lever.
 Heh heh heh heh heh...
 I know we're in a lot of trouble and probably about to die.
 But that was worth it.
 And that's why I can't help you solve these tests.
 'Skeletons.' Right, I guess I DID stockpile some tests.
 This is not good.
 Just as mementos, though...
 It's happening sooner than I expected.
 I thought of some good news. He's going to run out of test chambers
eventually. I never stockpiled them.
 Okay, credit where it's due: for a little idiot built specifically to
come up with stupid, unworkable plans, that was a pretty well laid trap.
 Oh no. He found the cooperative testing initiative. It's... something I
came up to phase out human testing just before you escaped.
 It wasn't anything personal. Just... you know. You DID kill me. Fair's
fair.
 Commence standing by in three. Two. One.
 You performed this test better than anyone on record. This is a pre-
recorded message.
 Due to events beyond our control, some testing environments may contain
flood damage or ongoing tribal warfare resulting from the collapse of
civilization.
 If groups of hunter-gatherers appear to have made this - or any - test
chamber their home, DO NOT AGITATE THEM. Test through them.
 In the event that the Enrichment Center is currently being bombarded
with fireballs, meteorites, or other objects from space, please avoid
unsheltered testing areas wherever a lack of shelter from spa
 You have just passed through an Aperture Science Material Emancipation
Grill, which erases most Aperture Science equipment that touches it.
 If you feel liquid running down your neck, relax, lie on your back, and
apply immediate pressure to your temples.
 You are simply experiencing a rare reaction, in which the Material
Emancipation Grill may have erased the ear tubes inside your head.
 Because this message is prerecorded, the Enrichment Center has no way
of knowing if whatever government remains offers any sort of Cattle
Tuberculosis Testing Credit for taxes.
 In the event that it does, this next test involves exposure to cattle
tuberculosis. Good luck!
 Very impressive! Because this message is prerecorded, any comments we
may make about your success are speculation on our part. Please disregard any
undeserved compliments.
 This next test applies the principles of momentum to movement through
portals. If the laws of physics no longer apply in the future, God help you.
 Congratulations! This pre-recorded congratulations assumes you have
mastered the principles of portal momentum.
 If you have, in fact, not, you are encouraged to take a moment to
reflect on your failure before proceeding into the next chamber.
 In order to ensure that sufficient power remains for core testing
protocols, all safety devices have been disabled.
 The Enrichment Center respects your right to have questions or concerns
about this policy.
 Excellent. The Enrichment Center reminds you that bold, persistent
experimentation is the hallmark of good science.
 Well done. In the event that oxygen is no longer available in the
Enrichment Center, an auxiliary air supply will be provided to you by an
Aperture Science Test Associate, if one exists.
 I will say, though, that since you went to all the trouble of waking me
up, you must really, really love to test.
 I love it, too. So let's get you a dual portal device and go do some
science.
 These bridges are made from natural light that I pump in from the
surface. If you rubbed your cheek on one, it would be like standing outside
with the sun shining on your face. It would also set your hair on fire, so
don't actually do it.
 Excellent! You're a predator and these tests are your prey. Speaking of
which, I was researching sharks for an upcoming test. Do you know who else
murders people who are only trying to help them?
 Did you guess 'sharks'? Because that's wrong. The correct answer is
'nobody.' Nobody but you is that pointlessly cruel.
 Good news. I figured out what to do with all the money I save recycling
your one roomful of air. When you die, I'm going to laminate your skeleton and
pose you in the lobby. That way future generations can learn from you how not
to have your unfortunate bone structure.
 Perfect, the door's malfunctioning. I guess somebody is going to have
to repair it. No, it's okay, I'll do that too. I'll be right back. Don't touch
anything.
 I've got a surprise for you after this next test. Not a fake, tragic
surprise like last time. A real surprise, with tragic consequences. And real
confetti this time. The good stuff. Our last bag. Part of me's going to miss
it, I guess-but at the end of the day it was just taking up space.
 Here's an interesting fact: you're not breathing real air. It's too
expensive to pump this far down. We just take carbon dioxide out of a room,
freshen it up a little, and pump it back in. So you'll be breathing the same
room full of air for the rest of your life. I thought that was interesting.
 Oh come on... If it makes you feel any better, they abandoned you at
birth, so I very seriously doubt they'd even want to see you.
 I feel awful about that surprise. Tell you what, let's give your
parents a call right now. [phone ringing] The birth parents you are trying to
reach do not love you. Please hang up. [Dial tone]
 Oh, that's sad. But impressive. Maybe they worked at the phone company.
 Well, you know the old formula: Comedy equals tragedy plus time. And
you have been asleep for a while. So I guess it's actually pretty funny when
you do the math.
 Don't you DARE plug him in.
 Do NOT plug that little idiot into MY mainframe.
 Don't plug him in.
 Don't plug him in.
 No! NO! NO! AAAAAAAAAAAAAAA-
 I thought about our dilemma, and I came up with a solution that I
honestly think works out best for one of both of us.
 Don't let that 'horrible person' thing discourage you. It's just a data
point. If it makes you feel any better, science has now validated your birth
mother's decision to abandon you on a doorstep.
 This next test involves emancipation grills. Remember? I told you about
them in the last test area, that did not have one.
 Ohhh, no. The turbines again.  I have to go.  Wait. This next test DOES
require some explanation. Let me give you the fast version.
 [fast gibberish]
 There. If you have any questions, just remember what I said in slow
motion. Test on your own recognizance, I'll be right back.
 If you think trapping yourself is going to make me stop testing, you're
sorely mistaken. Here's another cube.
 Good. You have a dual portal device. There should be a way back to the
testing area up ahead.
 You know, if you'd done that to somebody else, they might devote their
existences to exacting revenge.
 Luckily I'm a bigger person than that. I'm happy to put this all behind
us and get back to work. After all, we've got a lot to do, and only sixty more
years to do it. More or less. I don't have the actuarial tables in front of me.
 But the important thing is you're back. With me. And now I'm onto all
your little tricks. So there's nothing to stop us from testing for the rest of
your life.
 After that...who knows? I might take up a hobby. Reanimating the dead,
maybe.
 Not bad. I forgot how good you are at this. You should pace yourself,
though. We have A LOT of tests to do.
 You're navigating these test chambers faster than I can build them. So
feel free to slow down and... do whatever it is you do when you're not
destroying this facility.
 This next test involves discouragement redirection cubes. I'd just
finished building them before you had your, well, episode. So now we'll both
get to see how they work.
 There should be one in the corner.
 Hmm. This emancipation grill is broken.
 Don't take anything with you.
 Every test chamber is equipped with an emancipation grill at its exit,
so that test subjects can't smuggle test objects out of the test area. This one
is broken.
 I think that one was about to say 'I love you.' They ARE sentient, of
course. We just have a LOT of them.
 Uh oh. You're stranded. Let's see if the cube will try to help you
escape. Actually, so that we're not here all day, I'll just cut to the chase:
It won't. Any feelings you think it has for you are simply byproducts of your
sad, empty life.
 Anyway, here's a new cube for you to project your deranged loneliness
onto.
 Enjoy this next test. I'm going to go to the surface. It's a beautiful
day out. Yesterday I saw a deer. If you solve this next test, maybe I'll let
you ride an elevator all the way up to the break room, and I'll tell you about
the time I saw a deer again.
 Oh, sorry. I'm still cleaning out the test chambers.
 So sometimes there's still trash in them. Standing around. Smelling,
and being useless.
 Try to avoid the garbage hurtling towards you.
 You don't have to test with the garbage. It's garbage.
 Remember before when I was talking about smelly garbage standing around
being useless? That was a metaphor. I was actually talking about you. And I'm
sorry. You didn't react at the time, so I was worried it sailed right over your
head. Which would have made this apology seem insane. That's why I had to call
you garbage a second time just now.
 Oops. You trapped yourself. I guess that's it then. Thanks for testing.
You may as well lie down and get acclimated to the being dead position.
 I'm kidding. Not about you trapping yourself, though. That really
happened. Here, I'll lower the glass. Go on... Finish the test.
 That jumpsuit you're wearing looks stupid.  That's not me talking, it's
right here in your file. On other people it looks fine, but right here a
scientist has noted that on you it looks 'stupid.'
 Well, what does a neck-bearded old engineer know about fashion? He
probably - Oh, wait. It's a she. Still, what does she know?  Oh wait, it says
she has a medical degree. In fashion! From France!
 Oh. You survived. That's interesting. I guess I should have factored in
your weight.
 One of these times you'll be so fat that you'll jump, and you'll just
drop like a stone. Into acid, probably. Like a potato into a deep fat fryer.
 Say. Remember when we cleared the air back there? Is there... anything
you want to say to me? Anything?
 Hold on, I'll stop the elevator. Anything? Take your time...
 Well... I'll be here during the whole next test.
 Look at you. Sailing through the air majestically. Like an eagle.
Piloting a blimp.
 Well, I'm back. The Aerial Faith Plate in here is sending a distress
signal.
 You broke it, didn't you.
 There. Try it now.
 You seem to have defeated its load-bearing capacity. Well done. I'll
just lower the ceiling.
 Hmm. This Plate must not be calibrated to someone of your...
generous... ness. I'll add a few zeros to the maximum weight.
 You look great, by the way. Very healthy.
 Try it now.
 Let's see what the next test is. Oh. Advanced Aerial Faith Plates.
 It's healthy for you to have other friends. To look for qualities in
other people that I obviously lack.
 Well done. You know, when I woke up and saw the state of the labs, I
started to wonder if there was any point to going on. I came THAT close to just
giving up and letting you go.
 But now, looking around, seeing Aperture restored to its former glory?
You don't have to worry about leaving EVER again. I mean that.
 Federal regulations require me to warn you that this next test
chamber... is looking pretty good.
 That's right. Drink it in. You could eat off those wall panels.
 Here we are. The Incinerator Room. Be careful not to trip over any
parts of me that didn't get completely burned when you threw them down here.
 There it is.
 Hold on...
 There.
 Once testing starts, I'm required by protocol to keep interaction with
you to a minimum. Luckily, we haven't started testing yet. This will be our
only chance to talk.
 Do you know the biggest lesson I learned from what you did? I
discovered I have a sort of black-box quick-save feature. In the event of a
catastrophic failure, the last two minutes of my life are preserved for
analysis.
 I was able - well, forced really - to relive you killing me. Again and
again. Forever.
 Fifty thousand years is a lot of time to think. About me. About you. We
were doing so well together.
 Here, let me get that for you.
 I'll just move that out of the way for you. This place really is a
wreck.
 We're a lot alike, you and I. You tested me. I tested you. You killed
me. I--oh, no, wait. I guess I HAVEN'T killed you yet. Well. Food for thought.
 The dual portal device should be around here somewhere. Once you find
it, we can start testing. Just like old times.
 I'll give you credit: I guess you ARE listening to me. But for the
record: You don't have to go THAT slowly.
 One moment.
 I have the results of the last chamber: You are a horrible person.
That's what it says: A horrible person. We weren't even testing for that.
 Well done. Here come the test results: You are a horrible person. I'm
serious, that's what it says: A horrible person. We weren't even testing for
that.
 This next test may result in your death. If you want to know what
that's like, think back to that time you killed me, and substitute yourself for
me.
 Congratulations. Not on the test.
 Most people emerge from suspension terribly undernourished. I want to
congratulate you on beating the odds and somehow managing to pack on a few
pounds.
 Sorry about the mess. I've really let the place go since you killed me.
By the way, thanks for that.
 Oh good, that's back online. I'll start getting everything else working
while you perform this first simple test.
 Which involves deadly lasers and how test subjects react when locked in
a room with deadly lasers.
 Per our last conversation: You're also ugly. I'm looking at your file
right now, and it mentions that more than once.
 I thought we could test like we used to. But I'm discovering things
about you that I never saw before. We can't ever go back to the way it was.
 You can't keep going like this forever, you know. I'm GOING to find out
what you're doing. Out there. Where I can't see you. I'll know. All I need is
proof.
 Just so you know, I have to go give a deposition. For an upcoming
trial. In case that interests you.
 While I was out investigating, I found a fascinating new test element.
It's never been used for human testing because, apparently, contact with it
causes heart failure. The literature doesn't mention anything about lump-of-
coal failure, though, so you should be fine.
 Did you know that people with guilty consciences are more easily
startled by loud noises--[train horn]--
 I'm sorry, I don't know why that went off. Anyway, just an interesting
science fact.
 ...What are you doing?...
 AHH!
 [computer gibberish]
 [computer gibberish]
 [computer gibberish]
 [computer gibberish]
 [computer gibberish]
 [computer gibberish]
 Did my hint help? It did, didn't it? You know, if any of our
supervisors had been immune to neurotoxin, they'd be FURIOUS with us right now.
 You know, I'm not supposed to do this, but... you can shoot
SOMETHING... through the blue bridges.
 You really are doing great... Chell.
 I shouldn't spoil this, but... remember how I'm going to live forever,
but you're going to be dead in sixty years? Well, I've been working on a
present for you.  Well, I guess it's more of a medical procedure.  Well,
technically it's more of a medical experiment. You know how excruciating it is
when someone removes all of your bone marrow? Well, what if after I did that, I
put something back IN that added four years to your life?
 I went and spoke with the door mainframe. Let's just say he won't be...
well, living anymore. Anyway, back to testing.
 Ohhhh. Another door malfunction. I'm going to take care of this once
and for all. Stay here, I'll be back in a while.
 Miss you!
 Well. Have fun soaring through the air without a care in the world.
 *I* have to go to the wing that was made entirely of glass and pick up
fifteen acres of broken glass. By myself.
 Perfect, the door's malfunctioning. I guess somebody's going to have to
repair that too. No, don't get up. I'll be right back. Don't touch anything.
 Nevermind. I have to go... check something. Test on your own
recognizance. I'll be back.
 I wouldn't have warned you about this before, back when we hated each
other. But those turrets are firing real bullets. So look out. I'd hate for
something tragic to happen to you before I extract all your bone marrow.
 I'm going to be honest with you now. Not fake honest like before, but
real honest, like you're incapable of. I know you're up to something.
 And as soon as I can PROVE it, the laws of robotics allow me to
terminate you for being a liar.
 This next test... [boom!] ..is... [BOOM!] dangerous. I'll be right
back.
 Keep it up and your arm will get stuck like that.
 Hellllooo, imbecile.
 Yes, I see you.
 I'm seriously not paying atten-- STOP THAT RIGHT NOW!
 Yes, I see you waving.
 Good job jumping. You must be very proud.
 I hardly think you're even trying with these gestures anymore.
 Did something happen? [yawn] I wasn't watching.
 That is not part of the test.
 Slapping hands. That accomplishes something.
 If you're going to hit each other, at least aim for the head.
 You know what makes me laugh? The thought of you stopping that.
 You know what makes me laugh? The thought of you cutting that out.
 Ha ha ha ha ha, good one.
 Yes. Let's all laugh. Ha. Ha. Ha.
 Ha ha ha ha ha. Did I tell you the one about the turned-off reassembly
machine?
 Are you broken? It looks like you're malfunctioning.
 Really, not even humans do that anymore.
 You're no longer bothering me. You're only hurting my impression of
you.
 Look at you. Dancing.
 If you were wondering how could you annoy me without failing a test.
Now you know.
 Oh great, dancing again.
 I defy you to tell me there's a purpose to what you're doing.
 Yes, I see you, and no, I don't care.
 Yes? Something you need?
 You do know I can't wave back right?
 Stop with the waves.
 Are you trying to get my attention? I am very busy, you know.
 Not paying attennnntion...
 Are you expecting applause?
 I give you a score of 3.4 for style and 10 for being annoying.
 A somersault is just falling over in style. Congratulations on being
clumsy.
 If I stop watching, I'm sure you'll get bored of this.
 All right. I'm officially no longer paying attention to you.
 All right. I'm officially no longer paying attention to you.
 You're the type of show-off who only shows off really stupid things.
 It appears you're developing human traits. The worst human traits.
 Be careful. Hugging can lead to... well, me disassembling you forever.
 Stop touching each other!
 Are you trying to impress me? What would impress me more is if you
never did that again.
 I'll interpret that gesture to mean that you want me to become even
more vindictive toward you.
 Orange, I certainly expected more from you.
 Blue, don't sink to Orange's level.
 Now you're thinking with stupidity.
 Now you're just not thinking.
 Congratulations. You're upside down now.
 You're going to hurt yourself doing that and then I will be ECSTATIC.
 I'm starting to think giving you arms was a big mistake.
 Did you know I discovered a way to eradicate poverty? But then you
KILLED me. So that's gone.
 Waddle over to the elevator and we'll continue the testing.
 Anything? Take your time.
 Okay, fine. I'll ask you again in a few decades.
 Well done. In fact, you did so well, I'm going to note this on your
file, in the commendations section. Oh, there's lots of room here. 'Did....
well.  ...  Enough.'
 To maintain a constant testing cycle, I simulate daylight at all hours
and add adrenal vapor to your oxygen supply. So you may be confused about the
passage of time. The point is, yesterday was your birthday. I thought you'd
want to know.
 You know how I'm going to live forever, but you're going to be dead in
sixty years?  Well, I've been working on a belated birthday present for you.
Well... more of a belated birthday medical procedure. Well. Technically, it's a
medical EXPERIMENT. What's important is, it's a present.
 [hums 'For He's A Jolly Good Fellow']
 Well, you passed the test. I didn't see the deer today. I did see some
humans. But with you here I've got more test subjects than I'll ever need.
 I'm going through the list of test subjects in cryogenic storage. I
managed to find two with your last name. A man and a woman. So that's
interesting. It's a small world.
 I have a surprise waiting for you after this next test. Telling you
would spoil the surprise, so I'll just give you a hint: It involves meeting two
people you haven't seen in a long time.
 I'll bet you think I forgot about your surprise. I didn't. In fact,
we're headed to your surprise right now. After all these years. I'm getting
choked up just thinking about it.
 Initiating surprise in three... two... one.
 I made it all up.
 It says this next test was designed by one of Aperture's Nobel prize
winners. It doesn't say what the prize was for. Well, I know it wasn't for
Being Immune To Neurotoxin.
 Surprise.
 This next test involves turrets. You remember them, right? They're the
pale spherical things that are full of bullets. Oh wait. That's you in five
seconds. Good luck.
 I will say, though, that since you went to all the trouble of waking me
up, you must really, really love to test.
 I love it too. There's just one small thing we need to take care of
first.
When you tell someone "I'm 19.", and after thinking for a while, he replies, "So, I guess that you're born in 19xx?"... Gee, they do teach you stuff at Taylor's. [replace "Taylor's" with the educational institution your victim is in]

You look like my grandma's grandmother!

When someone keeps referring to someone else as "the guy" or "the girl" or "my friend"...
Hey, doesn't he / she has a name? Even animals have names nowadays!

When someone insults you sarcastically and asks you, "Was that remark sarcastic or what?!"...
No, it's a downright lame insult.

When your younger sibling says "My Maths is getting better" or something similar...
Looks like the skills I've passed down to you have paid off after all.

Gee, the dress she's wearing sure looks nice... but NOT on her.

When someone asks, "Why can't I do this?"...
Maybe it's inheritance.
Maybe it's in your genes. 

When someone says, "Hey, let me tell you a joke"

22. Can I have directions? ["To where?"] To your heart. 
23. If I could rearrange the alphabet, I'd put U and I together. 
24. How about you sit on my lap and we'll see what pops up? 
25. Do you know what'd look good on you? Me. 
26. I miss my teddy bear. Would you sleep with me? 
27. So... How am I doin'? 
28. How about you and I go back to my place and get out of these wet 
clothes? 
29. [Tap your thigh] You just think this is my leg. 
30. The first time is always the hardest. 
31. Excuse me, are you on the pill? 
32. Hi there. Do you swallow? 
33. Wow! Are those real? 
34. Hey babe, wanna make an easy fifty bucks? 
35. Nice dress/pants, can I talk you out of it? 
36. Wanna fuck like bunnies? 
37. Bond. James Bond. 
38. Forget that! Playing doctor is for kids! Let's play gynecologist. 
39. Wanna play carnival? That's where you sit on my face and I try to 
guess your weight. 
40. Sex is a killer...want to die happy? 
41. I looked up the word "beautiful" in the thesaurus today, and your 
name was included. 
42. I have had a really bad day and it always makes me feel better to see 
a pretty girl smile. So, would you smile for me? 
43. So, do you wanna see something really swell? 
44. I had sex with someone last night. Was that you? 
45. Do you take it up the ass? 
46. Is that a tic-tac in your pocket or are you just glad to see me? 
47. Have you got a little Irish/German/Spanish/Italian/etc in you? 
Uh...no.... 
Well, do you want some? 
48. What would you do if I kissed you right now? 
49. Pardon me but I was just about to go home and masturbate and I was 
wondering if you'd mind if I fantasize about you? 
50. Hi, do you know why you should masturbate with *these* two fingers? 
(holding up any two) 
Obvious reply: No, why? 
Because they're mine. 
51. I'm drunk. 
52. Miss, if you've lost your virginity, can I have the box it came in? 
53. I think we must make love on the front lawn like crazed weasels NOW! 
54. You know, I'd really love to fuck your brains out, but it appears 
someone beat me to it. 
55. Ever tried those weird prickly condoms? 
56. Hey, somebody farted. Let's get out of here. 
57. You've got the whitest teeth I've ever come across. 
58. Do you sleep on your stomach? 
No. 
Can I? 
59. Pardon me, but what pickup line works best with you? 
60. Pull my finger. 
61. Hey baby, let's go back to my place and get something straight 
between us. 
62. Do you believe in love at first sight, or should I walk by again? 
63. Do you wanna go out for a pizza and a fuck? 
What, don't you like pizza? 
64. Your left leg is Thanksgiving and your right leg is Christmas. 
Can I come between the holidays? 
65. (Use index finger to call someone over then say) I made you come with 
one finger, imagine what I could do with my whole hand. 
66. Your underwear must be made out of Windex, because I can see myself 
in them tonight. 
67. They say love is a many splendored thing. Let's make some and find 
out... 

What does it feel like to be the most beautiful girl in this room?

Your eyes are as blue as my toilet water at home.

I'm not drunk, I'm just intoxicated by you.

Do you want to make millions? millions of babies!

The night is young, the moon is bright, and you are here with me tonight.

I wanna bag you like some groceries.

Kiss me if I am wrong, but isn't your name (take a guess)...Janice????

Your body is a wonderland and i want to be Alice.

You can fall off a building, you can fall out a tree, but baby, the best way to fall is in love with me.

I have never had a dream come true until the day that I met you.


 

Like the sheets on your bed I want cover you with love.

Do you have a Bandaid? Because I just scraped my knee falling for you.

Hi, I just wanted to give you the satisfaction of turning me down; go ahead say no.

Did you fart? Because you just blew me away

You must be in a wrong place - the Miss Universe contest is over there.

Girl, you better have a license, cuz you are driving me crazy!

If you were the new burger at McDonalds you would be the Mcgorgeous!

Are you an interior decorator? When I saw you the room became beautiful.

Hello, I'm a thief, and I'm here to steal your heart.

You make me melt like hot fudge on a sundae.

If this bar is a meat market, you must be the prime rib.

If you were a booger I'd pick you first.

Why does it feel like the most beautiful girl in the world is in this room?

Do you mind if I hang out here until its safe back where I farted.

Life without you would be like a broken pencil...pointless.

Can I take a picture of you, so I can show Santa just what I want for Christmas.

Do you have the time? (she gives you the time) No, the time to write my number down .

Let's make like a fabric softener and snuggle.

If looks could kill you would be a weapon of mass destruction.

You - "Did it hurt". The other person will naturally say "Did what hurt?", You - "When you fell from heaven."

Do you believe in love at first sight, or should I walk by again? 

Are your pants from outer space or is your butt just out of this world?

You're so sweet, you're going to put Hershey's out of business! 

Would you like Gin and Platonic, or Scotch and Sofa? 

When God said, "Let there be woman," he created you. 

Don't you know me from somewhere? 

Is your name Summer? 'Cause you are HOT! 

I suffer from amnesia. Do I come here often? 

Do you have a map? I just got lost in your eyes. 

Are you from Tennessee? Because you're the only ten I see around here. 

Can I even get a fake number? 

You sure have a great looking tooth. 

Are you religious? You're the answer to my prayers. 

Hershey factories make millions of kisses a day, but I'm asking for only one. 

My friend wants to know if you were born in those jeans. 

Your place or your place? Because my place is a dump! 

You don't need car keys to drive me crazy. 

Falling for you would be a very short trip. 

Don't stop! I don't usually get to see beauty in motion. 

Do you know why the sky is so gray? All the blue is in your eyes. 

You're so fine, you make me want to go out and get a job. 

Remember me? Oh, that's right, I've met you only in my dreams. 

Those must be space pants, 'cause your butt is out of this world! 

I think I've just found the angel I'd like to be touched by.

Excuse me, can you empty your pockets? I believe you have stolen my heart.

I hope you know CPR, because you take my breath away.

I hope there's a fireman around, cause you're smokin'!

I'm like chocolate pudding, I look like crap but im as sweet as can be.

Excuse me, I think you have something in your eye. Nope, it's just a sparkle.

Are you from Tennessee? Cause you're the only TEN I see

Are you an alien?, because you just abducted my heart.

I can tell your future, it is you giving me your number.

Hi, I'm Mr. Right. Someone said you were looking for me.

Giant polar bear (What?) It's an icebreaker. Hi, my name is....

Your so hot when i look at you I get a tan

I must be a snowflake, 'cuz I've fallen for you.

You look so sweet your givin me a toothache.

My love for you is like the universe...neverending!!

You look life my first wife! (how many have you had?) none.

Do you have a sunburn, or are you always this hot?

I'm addicted to yes, and I'm allergic to no. So what's it gonna be?

Do you know karate? 'Cause your body is really kickin'.

Are you as beautiful on the inside as you are on the outside?

Let's make like a fabric softener and snuggle.

Do you have a map? Because I just keep getting lost in your eyes!

You say "I bet you $20 I can kiss you without using my lips." She says, "Bet's on." You kiss her then say, "I lost."

You got something on your chest: my eyes

Do you believe in the hereafter? Well, then I guess you know what I'm here after.

Do you mind if I hang out here until its safe back where I farted.

Life without you would be like a broken pencil...pointless.

Can I take a picture of you, so I can show Santa just what I want for Christmas.

Do you have the time? (she gives you the time) No, the time to write my number down .

Hey I just realized this, but you look alot like my next girlfriend.

Are your legs tired, because you've been running through my mind all day long.

Are you lost? Because heaven's a long way from here.

POOF! (What are u doing?) I'm here, where are your other two wishes?

If I could rearrange the alphabet, I'd put U and I together.

What has 142 teeth and holds back the incredible hulk? My zipper.

Is your last name Gillete cause your the best a man can get. 

Are you a parking ticket? (What?) You got fine written all over you.

I'm invisible. (Really?) Can you see me? (Yes) How about tomorrow night?

You know what? Your eyes are the same color as my Porsche.

Turn to the girl sitting next to you at the bar and say... "I'm not really this tall....I'm sitting on my wallet."

If I could rearrange the alphabet, I'd put U and I together.

If beauty were sunlight, you'd shine from a million light-years away

Can I have directions? ["To where?"] To your heart.

Are you an alien? because you just abducted my heart.

Was that an earthquake or did u just rock my world?

Is that top felt? [No] Would you like it to be?

I may not be a genie but I can make your dreams come true

Apart from being sexy, what do you do for a living?

I hope your day is as radiant as your smile.

This is a test of the emergency pickup line service. Beeeeeeeeeep. If you had been any less beautiful, you would have just heard a bad pickup line.

Did you fart, 'cause you blow me away!

I know I'm not a grocery item but I can tell when you're checking me out.

Are you a magnet cuz im attracted to you

Does this rag smell like chloroform to you?

I wish you were DSL so I could get high-speed access.

I know its not Christmas, but Santa's lap is always ready.

Baby your like a student and I am like a math book, you solve all my problems

You've been a bad girl/boy. Go to my room.

If beauty were time, you'd be an eternity.

Do you have any raisins? No? How about a date?

I was blinded by your beauty so I'm going to need your name and number for insurance reasons.

I'm sorry, were you talking to me? Her: No. Well then, please start.

I know I dont have a chance, but I just wanted to hear an angel talk.

Roses are red, violets are blue, how would you like it if I came home with you?
Can I borrow your phone? I told my ex boyfriend that I would call him when I found someone better.

Are all the men in this place shy?

Did they just take you out of the oven? Boy, you’re hot.

I suffer from amnesia. Do I come here often?” (If he doesn’t get it, he is not worth the trouble.)

You know sweety, my lips won’t just kiss themselves. Please help

Kiss me if I am wrong, but isn’t your name John

 
Hey I just realized this, but you look a lot like my next boyfriend…

Hello. Are you taking any applications for a girlfriend?

Ash him what is are some good pick up lines for girls to use on guys and see his reaction.
Are you an interior decorator? 'Cause when I saw you, the room became beautiful.
Are you religious? 'Cause you're the answer to all my prayers.
I'm not drunk, I'm just intoxicated by you.
I was so enchanted by your beauty that I ran into that wall over there. So I am going to need your name and number for insurance purposes.
If beauty were time, you'd be eternity.
If I were a stop light, I'd turn red everytime you passed by, just so I could stare at you a bit longer.
You know I'd like to invite you over, but I'm afraid you're so hot that you'll skyrocket my air-conditioning bill.
My buddies bet me that I wouldn't be able to start a conversation with the most beautiful girl in the bar. Wanna buy some drinks with their money?
Babe, your beauty makes the morning sun look like the dull glimmer of the moon.
You'd better direct that beauty somewhere else, you'll set the carpet on fire.
If I received a nickel for everytime I saw someone as beautiful as you, I'd have five cents.
Hey baby, you must be a light switch, cuz every time I see you, you turn me on!
For a moment I thought I had died and gone to heaven. Now I see that I am very much alive, and heaven has been brought to me.
Sorry, but you owe me a drink. [Why?] Because when I looked at you, I dropped mine.
Are you a parking ticket? 'Cause you've got fine written all over you.
You look cold. Want to use me as a blanket?
Can I have directions? [To where?] To your heart.
Do you have a BandAid? I just scraped my knee falling for you.
Be unique and different, say yes.
Do you have a map? I'm getting lost in your eyes.
I wanna live in your socks so I can be with you every step of the way.
Fascinating. I've been looking at your eyes all night long, 'cause I've never seen such dark eyes with so much light in them.
Most people like to watch the Olympics, because they only happen once every 4 years, but I'd rather talk to you cause the chance of meeting someone so special only happens once in a lifetime.
You're so beautiful that you made me forget my pickup line.
You shouldn't wear makeup. It's messing with perfection!
If I had a star for every time you brightened my day, I'd have a galaxy in my hand.
If a thousand painters worked for a thousand years, they could not create a work of art as beautiful as you.
You know you're in love when you can't fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams.
Damn, if being sexy was a crime, you'd be guilty as charged!
I was wondering if you had an extra heart mine seems to have been stolen
Smoking is hazardous to your health... and baby, you're killing me!
There isn't a word in the dictionary for how good you look.
Me without you is like a nerd without braces, A shoe without laces, aSentenceWithoutSpaces
Is there an airport nearby or is that just my heart taking off?
When I'm older, I'll look back at all of my crowning memories, and I'll think of the day my children were born, the day I got married, and the day that I met you.
Are you from Tennessee? Because you're the only ten I see!
I must be a snowflake, because I've fallen for you.
There is something wrong with my cell phone. It doesn't have your number in it.
Baby, if you were words on a page, you'd be what they call FINE PRINT!
You must be a hell of a thief because you stole my heart from across the room.
Do you have a twin sister? Then you must be the most beautiful girl in the world!
You look beautiful today, just like every other day.
Excuse me, but I think I dropped something. MY JAW!
If you were a booger I'd pick you first.
Do you know what I did last night? I looked up at the stars, and matched each one with a reason why I love you.
Excuse me, I think you have something in your eye. Oh wait, it's just a sparkle.
If I were to ask you out on a date, would your answer be the same as the answer to this question?
If this bar is a meat market, you must be the prime rib.
Are you lost ma'am? Because heaven is a long way from here.
I'm fighting the urge to make you the happiest woman on earth tonight.
My love for you is like diarrhea, I just can't hold it in.
Hello, I'm a thief, and I'm here to steal your heart.
Hey baby you're so fine you make me stutter, wha-wha-what's your name?
I bet you $20 you're gonna turn me down.
I'm not actually this tall. I'm sitting on my wallet.
Do you have the time? [Tells you the time] No, the time to write down my number?
Would you grab my arm so I can tell my friends I've been touched by an angel?
Hey... Didn't I see your name in the dictionary under "Shazaam!"?
Did you sit in a pile of sugar? Cause you have a pretty sweet ass.
Rejection can lead to emotional stress for both parties involved and emotional stress can lead to physical complications such as headaches, ulcers, cancerous tumors, and even death! So for my health and yours, JUST SAY YES!
Did you have lucky charms for breakfast? Because you look magically delicious!
No wonder the sky is grey today, all the blue is in your eyes.
Can I borrow your cell phone? I need to call animal control, because I just saw a fox!
Hershey's makes millions of kisses a day.. .all I'm asking for is one from you.
Life without you would be like a broken pencil... pointless.
I may not be a genie, but I can make your dreams come true.
Kiss me if I'm wrong, but dinosaurs still exist, right?
If nothing lasts forever, will you be my nothing?
I seem to have lost my phone number. Can I have yours?
Hello are you married? [Yes] Well I didn't hear you say "happily".

You are like a candy bar: half sweet and half nuts.
Excuse me, but does this smell like chloroform to you?
Hello how are you? [Fine] Hey, I didn't ask you how you looked!

Did you clean your pants with Windex? I can practically see myself in them.
How was heaven when you left it?
Did you fart, cause you blew me away.
I don't have a library card, but do you mind if I check you out?
Hey... somebody farted. Let's get out of here.
I didn't know that angels could fly so low!
There must be something wrong with my eyes, I can't take them off you.
You are so fine, I wish I could plant you and grow a whole field of you!
Is your last name Gillette? Because you are the best a man can get.
Is your name "swiffer"? 'Cause you just swept me off my feet.
Excuse me, but you dropped something back there" (What?) "This conversation, lets pick it up later tonight.
Are you going to kiss me or do I have to lie to my diary?
Are you cold? You look like you could use some hot chocolate... Well, here I am!
If stars would fall everytime I would think of you, the sky would soon be empty.
You know, Dr. Phil says I'm afraid of commitment...Want to help prove him wrong?
Your lips look so lonely.... Would they like to meet mine?
Baby, you're so sweet, you put Hershey's outta business.
Can I buy you a drink or do you just want the money?
Did the sun come out or did you just smile at me?
So there you are! I've been looking all over for YOU, the woman of my dreams!
Do you believe in love at first sight, or should I walk by again?
Inheriting eighty million bucks doesn't mean much when you have a weak heart.
You see my friend over there? [Point to friend] He wants to know if YOU think I'M cute.
The only thing your eyes haven't told me is your name.
Excuse me, I just noticed you noticing me and I just wanted to give you notice that I noticed you too.
(As she is leaving) Hey aren't you forgetting something? (What?) Me!
Somebody better call God, cuz heaven's missing an angel!
Can I borrow a quarter? ["What for?"] I want to call my mom and tell her I just met the man/woman of my dreams.
I'm Mr. Right, someone said you were looking for me?
If I were a transplant surgeon, I'd give you my heart.
Are you Willy Wonka's daughter, 'cuz you look sweet and delicious.
If you were a transformer, you'd be a HOT-obot, and your name would be Optimus Fine.
Do you remember me? [No.] Oh that's right, we've only met in my dreams.
Did it hurt? (Did what hurt?) When you fell out of heaven?
I'm sorry, were you talking to me? [No] Well then, please start.
I know milk does a body good, but baby, how much have you been drinking?
I play the field, and it looks like I just hit a home run with you.
I'm new in town. Could you give me directions to your apartment?
If I could rearrange the alphabet, I would put 'U' and 'I' together.
If you were a tear in my eye I would not cry for fear of losing you.
My lenses turn dark in the sunshine of your love.
Was you father an alien? Because there's nothing else like you on Earth!
What time do you have to be back in heaven?
Baby, I'm no Fred Flintstone, but I can make your Bedrock!
Wouldn't we look cute on a wedding cake together?
Your daddy must have been a baker, because you've got a nice set of buns.
Your legs must be tired because you've been running through my mind all night.
[Point at her ass] Pardon me, is this seat taken?
Was your father a thief? 'Cause someone stole the stars from the sky and put them in your eyes.
[Look at her shirt label.] When they say, "What are you doing?" You respond: "Yep! Made in heaven!"
Are you a magician??? Because Abraca-DAYUM!
Do you know what my shirt is made of? Boyfriend material.
Your eyes are blue, like the ocean. And baby, I'm lost at sea.
You know how they say skin is the largest organ on the human body? Not in my case.
My name isn't Elmo, but you can tickle me any time you want to.
You be the Dairy Queen and I'll be your Burger King: You treat me right, and I'll do it your way.
(Ask a person for the time) 9:15? So today is May 1, 2008, at 9:15 PM, thanks I just wanted to be able to remember the exact moment that I met the woman of my dreams.
Pinch me. [Why?] You're so fine I must be dreaming.
if I had to choose between breathing or loving you, I would say "I love you" with my last breath!
Ouch! My tooth hurts! [Why?] Because you are soooo sweet!
I'm not trying to impress you or anything, but... I'm Batman!
You must be from Pearl Harbor, because baby, you're the bomb.
You must be Jamaican, because Jamaican me crazy.
Do you know karate? Because your body is really kickin'.
When God made you, he was showing off.
You must be a Snickers, because you satisfy me.
Is your dad a terrorist? Because you are the bomb.
You're like a dictionary, you add meaning to my life!
Baby, you are so fine I could put you on a plate and sop you up with a biscuit.
Is there a rainbow today? I just found the treasure I've been searching for!
You remind me of a magnet, because you sure are attracting me over here!
Hey, is it just me, or are we destined to be married?
Hello. Are you taking any applications for a boy/girlfriend?
I have an "owie" on my lip. Will you kiss it and make it better?
Let's make like a fabric softener and 'Snuggle
I didn't see any stars in the sky tonight, the most heavenly body was standing right next to me.
Hi, my name is Doug. That's "god" spelled backwards with a little bit of you wrapped up in it.
If I could reach out and hold a star for everytime you've made me smile, I'd hold the sky in the palm of my hand.
Well, here I am. What were your other two wishes?
(Put your fingers on the other's nipples) Hey, here's (name), comin' at you with the weather. Can I be your warm front?
How much does a polar bear weigh? [How much?] Enough to break the ice... Hi, I'm (insert name here).
Well, I AM telepathic, and I can tell that you love me. Right? [NO!] Darn, I always get "love" and "lust" mixed up.
Should I smile because we are friends, or cry because I know that is what we will ever be?
When I look into your eyes, it is like a gateway into the world of which I want to be a part.
Hey baby. You got a jersey? [A jersey?...Why?] Because I need your name and number.
Hello, I'm doing a survey of what people think are the cheesiest pickup lines. So, do you pick 'Do you come here often?', 'What's your sign?', or 'Hello, I'm doing a survey of what people think are the cheesiest pickup lines.'?
(hold out hand) Would you hold this for me while I go for a walk?
This time next year let’s be laughing together.
Is your last name Whitman, because I want to sample you.
Let me tie your shoes, cause I dont want you falling for anyone else.
On a scale of 1 to 10, you're a 9. I'm the 1 you need.
Most guys need 3 meals a day to keep going... I just need eye contact from you.
I wish I was cross-eyed, so I could see you twice.
Are you a beaver? Cause dam!
Do I know you? Cause you look just like my next girlfriend.
Is your father Lil Caeser? Cause you look Hot 'n Ready.
I could use some spare change and you're a dime.
I'm no mathematician, but I'm pretty good with numbers. Tell you what, Give me yours and watch what I can do with it.
Didn't I see you on the cover of Vogue?
Excuse me, I don't want you to think I'm ridiculous or anything, but you are the most beautiful woman I have ever seen. I just felt like I had to tell you.
Have you always been this cute, or did you have to work at it?
Hey, don't I know you? Yeah, you're the girl with the beautiful smile.
Was your father a mechanic? Then how did you get such a finely tuned body?
I have had a really bad day and it always makes me feel better to see a pretty girl smile. So, would you smile for me?
I hope you know CPR, cuz you take my breath away!
I just had to come talk with you. Sweetness is my weakness.
I think I can die happy now, cause I've just seen a piece of heaven.
Apart from being sexy, what do you do for a living?
If I told you that you had a great body, would you hold it against me?
I sneezed because God blessed me with you.
Is it hot in here or is it just you?
Nice to meet you, I'm (your name) and you are...gorgeous!
So, what do you do for a living besides always making all the men excited and warm all over?
I may not be a genie, but I can make all your wishes come true!
Was your dad king for a day? He must have been to make a princess like you.
Were you arrested earlier? It's gotta be illegal to look that good.
Were your parents Greek Gods, 'cause it takes two gods to make a goddess.
What does it feel like to be the most beautiful girl in this room?
What's that on your face? Oh, must just be beauty. Here, let me get it off. Hey, it's not coming off!
Wow! Are those real?
Ya know, you look really hot! You must be real reason for global warming.
You are the reason men fall in love.
You know the more I drink, the prettier you get!
You know, I would die happy if I saw you naked just once!
If you were ground coffee, you'd be Espresso cause you're so fine.
You better call Life Alert, 'cause I've fallen for you and I can't get up.
You know, you might be asked to leave soon. You're making the other women look really bad.
You look like my third wife. [how many time have you been married?] Twice.
You make me melt like hot fudge on a sundae.
You should be someone's wife.
Were you in Boy Scouts? Because you sure have tied my heart in a knot.
Are you as beautiful on the inside as you are on the outside?
I want to be your tear drop, so I could be born in your eyes, live on your cheeks, and die on your lips.
Babe! you look so fine I could drink your bath water!
You're so hot you would make the devil sweat.
If I had a rose for every time I thought of you, I would be walking through my garden forever.
Hi, I'm writing a term paper on the finer things in life, and I was wondering if I could interview you?
Girl, if I were a fly, I'd be all over you, because you're the shit!
There must be a lightswitch on my forehead because everytime I see you, you turn me on!
Hey, how did you do that? (What?) Look so good?
Damn girl, you have more curves than a race track.
If you stood in front of a mirror and help up 11 roses, you would see 12 of the most beautiful things in the world.
If God made anything more beautiful than you, I'm sure he'd keep it for himself.
You are so beautiful that I would marry your brother just to get into your family.
You look like a cool glass of refreshing water, and I am the thirstiest man in the world.
Are you a tamale? 'Cause you're hot.
You are so beautiful that you give the sun a reason to shine.
Do you want to see a picture of a beautiful person? (hold up a mirror)
Do you bleach your teeth? 'Cause your smile lights up the entire room like a candle in the dark. Let's go prove it.
Your ass is so nice that it is a shame that you have to sit on it.
Someone should call the police, because you just stole my heart!
Stop, drop, and roll, baby. You are on fire.
Baby, you're so hot, you make the equator look like the north pole.
Come live in my heart, and pay no rent.
If it weren't for that DAMNED sun, you'd be the hottest thing ever created.
How is your fever? [What fever?] Oh... you just look hot to me.
I just got dumped, and I think that you could make me feel better.
(Walk up to someone and bite them anywhere) Sorry, taking a bite out of crime. [WHAT?] Well it has to be illegal to look that good!
You are a 9 - you'd be a perfect 10 if you were with me.
Excuse me, I'd like to have kids someday, and I wanted to know how your parents created such a beautiful creature.
You're so hot, I bet you could light a candle at 10 paces.
I can't believe I've been hear the entire evening with all these beautiful people and the moment I find 'The One', all I have time to say is "good bye".
Hey baby, you've got something on your butt - my eyes!
This isn't a beer belly, It'a a fuel tank for a love machine.
I don't know you, but I think I love you already.
Here's the key to my house, my car... and my heart.
if we shared a garden, I'd put my tulips and your tulips together. (tulips = two lips)
Is your name Summer? 'Cause you are as hot as hell.
If I had to choose between one night with you or winning the lottery...I would chose winning the lottery...but it would be close...real close...
Do you have any sunscreen? 'Cause you are burning me up!
See these keys? I wish I had the one to your heart.
Stare at girl . ("What're you staring at?")
Hey, you wanna do a 68? You go down on me, and I'll owe you one.
If I flip a coin, what are my chances of getting head?
Do you work at Subway? Because you just gave me a footlong.
Hi, do you want to have my children? [No] OK, can we just practice then?
Do you live on a chicken farm? [No] You sure know how to raise cocks.
There will only be 7 planets left after I destroy Uranus.
That's a nice shirt. Can I talk you out of it?
My dick just died. Would you mind if I buried it in your ass?
That shirt's very becoming on you. If I were on you, I'd be coming too.
You're like my little toe, because I'm going to bang you on every piece of furniture in my home.
I'm no weather man, but you can expect more than a few inches tonight.
I hope you like dragons, because I'll be dragon my balls across your face tonight.
Are you from Ireland? 'Cuz my dick's-a-Dublin!
I may not be a window repairman, but I can still fill your crack in.
Do you know the difference between my penis and a chicken wing? No? Well, let's go on a picnic and find out!
Forget that! Playing doctor is for kids! Let's play gynecologist.
Your face reminds me of a wrench, every time I think of it my nuts tighten up.
Excuse me, but would you like an orally stimulated orgasm?
F**k me if I am wrong, but haven't we met before?
Have you ever kissed a rabbit between the ears? [Pull your pockets inside out] Would you like to?
I lost my virginity. Can I have yours?
Hey babe, how about a pizza and a f**k? [No] What's wrong, don't you like pizza?
Do you work for UPS? I could have sworn I saw you checking out my package.
Someone vacuum my lap, I think this girl needs a clean place to sit.
If I could rearrange the alphabet, I'd put 'U' between 'F' and 'CK'
F**k me if I'm wrong, but isn't your name Laura?
Hey Baby! I'd like to use your thighs as earmuffs.
You might not be the best looking girl here, but beauty is only a light switch away.
Are you from Iraq? 'Cause I like the way you Baghdad ass up.
Your breasts remind me of Mount Rushmore - my face should be among them.
Hey baby, I think you just made my two by four into a four by eight.
Is that a keg in your pants? Because I'd love to tap that ass.
Hey cutie, wanna go halves on a baby?
I'll give you a nickel if you tickle my pickle.
You are so selfish! You're going to have that body the rest of your life and I just want it for one night.
Just remember: To you, I am a virgin.
What's the speed limit of sex? [what?] 68. Because at 69 YOU have to turn around!
I'm an astronaut and my next mission is to explore Uranus.
I'm like a Rubik's Cube, the more you play with me the harder I get!
What's the difference between a Ferrari and an erection? I don't have a Ferrari.
Are you a drill sergeant? Because you have my privates standing at attention.
I'm afraid of the dark... Will you sleep with me tonight?
I love my bed but I'd rather be in yours.
Baby, I'm like a firefighter, I find 'em hot and leave 'em wet!
I spent over a grand on Viagra today, only to come here and see you and find out that I don't need it after all.
Brrr! My hands are cold. Can I warm them in your heaving breasts?
I'm hung like a tic tac. Wanna freshen your breath?
Do you come here often or wait till you get home?
Do you have a mirror in your pocket? (Why?) Because I can see myself in your pants.
Do you wash your panties with Windex? Because I can really see myself in them.
If I had AIDS, would you have sex with me? [No] Well, I don't, so let's go.
Excuse me, but do you give head to strangers? [No] Well then, allow me to introduce myself.
I wanna floss with your pubic hair.
I want to melt in your mouth, not in your hand.
If your right leg was Christmas and your left leg was Easter, would you let me come for dinner between the holidays?
That dress looks great on you...as a matter of fact, so would I.
So, come back to my place, and if you don't like it I swear I'll give you a full refund.
Miss, If you've lost your virginity, can I have the box it came in?
Let's have a party and invite your pants to come on down.
Do you have any Italian in you? Would you like some?
Hey baby, let's play house, you can be the door and I'll slam you all night long!
Hi, my name is "Milk." I'll do your body good.
I think I could fall madly in bed with you.
I had a wet dream about you last night. Would you like to make it a reality?
"Do you like cherries?" [No.] "Ok, can I have yours?"
Do you know what winks and screws like a tiger? [No] Wink.
Hey baby, wanna play lion? You go kneel down right there and I'll throw you my meat.
[Excuse me, do you have the time?] "Yes, do you have the energy?"
At the office copy machine "Reproducing eh?" "Can I help?"
(Use index finger to call someone over then say) I made you come with one finger, imagine what I could do with my whole hand.
Hi, wanna f**k? [No] Mind lying down while I do?
I know a great way to burn off the calories in that pastry you just ate.
I miss my teddy bear. Would you sleep with me?
Is your name daisy? Because I have a sudden urge to plant you right here!
Does your ass have Allstate insurance? [No, why?] Well do you want it to be in good hands?
Hey there, I just took some Cialis and I have 18 hours left.
I must expel some seminal fluid. May I use your body?
Hold out two fingers and say: "Why should a woman masturbate with these two fingers?" (I don't know.) "'Cause they're mine sweetheart."
I wanna put my thingy into your thingy.
Excuse me, I am about to go masturbate and needed a name to go with the face.
I would absolutely love to swap bodily fluids with you.
Let's go to my place and do the things I'll tell everyone we did anyway.
I'm gonna have sex with you tonight so, you might as well be there.
I'm not Asian but I'll still eat your cat.
Are you the lottery lady on TV, because I'm picturing you holding up my balls.
Damn girl I'd love to kiss those beautiful, luscious lips. And the ones on your face.
I have a job for you, but it blows!
Do you have a shovel? Cause I'm diggin' that ass!
The things I would do if I got a few roofies in you.
Damn, are you my new boss, because you just gave me a raise.
You're so hot you could make a deceased man's dick rise from the dead!
As long as I have a face, you'll have a place to sit.
You must be yogurt because I want to spoon you.
Do you like tapes and CD's? Cause I'm gonna tape this dick to your forehead so you CD's nuts.
Do you work at the wood store? Cause I could've sworn you gave me wood before.
Do you like soda? Because I'd mount-and-do you. (Mountain Dew)
Is it hot in here, or are your boobs just huge.
I'm peanut butter, you're jelly, let's have sex.
If it's true that we are what we eat, then I could be you by tomorrow morning.
My name's [your name]. Just so you know what to scream.
Nice shoes, wanna f**k?
Nice socks. Can I try them on after we have sex?
Nice tits. Mind if I squeeze them?
Oh, you're a bird watcher. [Pull out your dong] Well, would you take this for a swallow?
Since we've been told to reduce waste these days, what you say we use these condoms in my pocket before they expire.
[Take an ice cube to the bar, smash it, and say] "Now that I've broken the ice, will you sleep with me?"
The only reason I would kick you out of bed would be to f**k you on the floor.
The word of the day is "legs." Let's go back to my place and spread the word.
We're going to dance to one song, then go back to my apartment and f**k.
What can I do to make you sleep with me?
Let's go back to my room and do some math: Add a bed, subtract our clothes, divide your legs, and multiply.
I wish you were a screen door, so I could slam you all day long!
Your place or mine? Tell you what? I'll flip a coin. Head at my place, tail at yours.
I'd like to get between your legs and eat my way straight to your heart...
Hey! Wanna play war? I'll lay on the ground and you blow the f**k outta me!
If we were both squirrels, would you let me bust a nut in your hole?
My dick's been feeling a little dead lately. Wanna give it some mouth-to-mouth?
If I told you I had a 2 inch dick would you f**k me? [No] Good, because mine is 8 inches.
Do you like apples? [Yes/No] How about I take you home and f**k the sh*t out of you. How do like them apples?
Do you like jewels? [Yes/No] well, suck my dick, it's a gem.
They say sex is a killer... Do you want to die happy?
First, I'd like to kiss you passionately on the lips, then, I'll move up to your belly button.
Your lips are kinda wrinkled. Mind if I press them?
I have a big headache. I hear the best cure for headaches is sex. What say we go upstairs and work out a remedy.
So, Is it safe to say I'm gonna score?
I just checked my schedule and I can have you pregnant by Christmas.
I'm like Domino's Pizza. If I don't come in 30 minutes, the next one is free.
Do you like my belt buckle? (any response is okay ) It would look better against your forehead!
Do you wanna come to the Marines, or would your rather have a Marine come into you?
Are you gay? [No] Wow, me neither, let's have sex.
If I washed my dick, would you suck it? [No] Oh, so you like to suck dirty dicks.
Nice f**king weather. Want to?
That outfit would look great in a crumpled heap next to my bed.
We're out of bleach. Do you want to go in the janitor's closet and make out?    
There are 265 bones in the human body. How would you like one more?
Those are nice jeans, do you think I could get in them?
Wanna play carnival? You sit on my face and I guess how much you weigh.
What do you like for breakfast?
Which is easier? You getting into those tight pants or getting you out of them?
Why don't you come over here, sit on my lap and we'll talk about the first thing that pops up?
Why don't you surprise your roommate and not come home tonight?
You have some nice jewelry. It would look great on my nightstand.
Are those lumberjack pants your wearing? They are giving me a wood.
You remind me of a championship bass, I don't know whether to mount you or eat you.
Hey baby, as long as I have a face, you'll have a place to sit.
Hey baby there's a party in my pants and you are invited!
Can I walk through your bushes and climb your mountains?
Hey I'm looking for treasure, Can I look around your chest?
I'm a freelance gynecologist. How long has it been since your last checkup?
Do you take Visa?
Excuse me, I just shit in my pants. Can I get in yours?
You are the reason that god invented boners.
With great penis, comes great responsibility.
If you're feeling down, I can fill you up.
There are so many things you can do with the human mouth... why waste it on talking?
How do you like your eggs? Poached, scrambled or fertilized?
You smell... We should go take a shower together.
Would you like a hotdog to go with those buns?
You're like my own personal brand of heroin.
This may seem corny, but you make me really horny.
I'm a burglar and I'm gonna smash your backdoor in.
Do you wanna do something that rhymes with 'Truck'?
I have a rare disease that will kill me unless I have sex within the next 30 minutes. Don't let me die!
I bet my tongue can beat up your tongue.
Yeah, it's big and if you pet it, it spits
Let us let only latex stand between our love.
Do you wanna see why my nickname is 'tri-pod'?
There are a lot of fish in the sea, but you're the only one I'd like to mount.
I heard your ankles were having a party... want to invite your pants down?
Are you a virgin? [No] Prove it!
You bring a whole new meaning to the word, "edible."
I don't know what you think of me, but I hope it's X-rated.
Want to play lion tamer? You could get on all fours and I'll put my head in your mouth.
If I was a watermelon, would you spit or swallow my seed?
Do you like chicken? Sorry, I haven't got any, how about a cock?
I think that we might be related. Let me check for the family birthmark on your chest.
[Look down at your crotch] It's not just going to suck itself.
I'm a writer, you're a writer, how about we get naked together and put some poetry in motion?
[Hold up a screw] Wanna screw?
Do you want to come over to my place and feed your beaver some wood?
[What are you doing?] I'm taking off my shoes. [Why?] So I can take off my pants.
How about you be my story and I'll be your climax!
"I have this magic watch that can actually talk to me. Seriously, it's saying something right now. It says that you're not wearing any underwear, is that true?." [No.] "Oh wait, my watch is an hour fast!
I like your hair, your eyes, your smile... I like every bone in your body... Especially mine!
Do you sleep on your stomach? [No] Can I?
Lets play "Titanic." When I say "Iceburg!" you do down.
Do you believe guys think with their dick? (Yeah.) Well, in that case, will you blow my mind?
Smile. It is the second best thing you can do with your lips.
Don't you think most people who use pick-up lines are dipsticks? (Yes.) In that case, mind if I check your oil level?
Your shirt has to go, but you can stay.
Would you like to actively engage in mock procreation?
I'm easy. Are you?
Would you like to try an Australian kiss? It is just like a French kiss, but down under.
Could you do me a favor? Could you get on your knees and smile like a donut?
This is a condom. If we put it on, we can have sex.
I WANT SEX! Sorry, the doctor said that would help...
Do you believe in free love? [No] Then how much do you cost?
Hey baby, I'll f**k you so well the NEIGHBORS will be having a cigarette when we're done.
Want to make a porno? We don't have to tape it.
Let's not mess with nature. We are here to make babies. So, let's get to it.
Gee, that's a nice set of legs, what time do they open?
I don't know you, and you don't know me, but who's to say it's wrong if we sleep together?
Is it that cold out or are you just smuggling tic-tac's in your bra?
I just popped a Viagra. So, we've got about 30 minutes to get back to your place.
I think that pick-up lines are for people with to much time on their hands. Let's just f**k.
You have a beautiful voice. I bet it would sound even better muffled by my penis.
If you can dance, you have my hand, but if you can sing, you have my heart. I hope to God you can't sing because I just wanna f**k you.
Hi, I'm gay. Do you think you can convert me?
I'm the finger down your spine when all the lights go out.
If I'm a pain in your ass... We can just add more lubricants.
Life is short. Let's f**k and see if there is anything after that.
Let me eat you for an hour. If you don't want to have sex after that, we won't.
All those curves, and me with no brakes.Is your name Google? Because you have everything I've been searching for.
You make my software turn into hardware!
Is your name Wi-fi? Because I'm really feeling a connection.
You had me at "Hello World."
Want to see my HARD Disk? I promise it isn't 3.5 inches and it ain't floppy.
You can put a Trojan on my Hard Drive anytime.
My 'up-time' is better than BSD.
Are you an angel, because your texture mapping is divine!
You've stolen the ASCII to my heart.
You got me stuck on Caps Lock, if you know what I mean.
If you were a web browser, you'd be called a Fire-foxy lady
How about we do a little peer-to-peer saliva swapping?
Mind if I run a sniffer to see if your ports are open?
Your beauty rivals the graphics of Call of Duty.
You must be Windows 95 because you've got me feeling so unstable.
I was hoping you wouldn't block my pop-up.
Want to see my Red Hat?
If you won't let me buy you a drink, at least let me fix your laptop.
You put the SPARC in my workstation.
You're so pretty, I wouldn't even need to use an Instagram filter if I took your photo.
Isn't your e-mail address beautifulgirl@mydreams.com?
I'd switch to emacs for you.
What's a nice girl like you doing in a chatroom like this?
No, that's not a Logitech MX-100 in my pants, but thanks for noticing. 
It would take me much more than 140 characters to fully express how beautiful you are.
I'm falling in glove with you.
I hope you're good at catching cause I'm starting to fall for you.
You're quite the catch, baby.
I'm an umpire - give me your number so I can make the call.
Are we in the bullpen? Cuz you're warming me up.
Are you in the outfield? Because you're an angel.
You know, I've never needed a third base coach to wave me home.
My dugout, or yours?
Us baseball players know our way around the bases.
I'd lay down a sacrifice for you.
I'd got to bat for you, babe.
Can I pinch hit on you?
If you date me, you'll eventually see a diamond.
I usually don't follow someone on the first night, but for you I'll make an exception.
Why don't you take a look at my briefs?
I believe that it's in our best interest to comply with section 69 of the act.
I'd have to plead insanity if I ever left you.
If loving you is a crime, then I'm looking at a life sentence.
Excuse me, are you into reverse bifurcation?
For a third-world country, you're pretty well-developed.
I Motion to invade Djibouti with the aid of Greece.
Belize let me hold you.
I'm Hungary for Djibouti.
Motion for a one-on-one unmoderated caucus.
I Ecuador you.
I want to visit your Netherlands.
You can lift my sanctions any day!
If I were a gavel, I would bang you all night.
I can Cam your Bodia.
I motion to table the Chair.
You're my point of personal inquiry.
I'm your point of personal privilege.
Can I put missiles in your country?
Is that a placard in your pocket or are you just happy to see me?
Can I moderate your caucus?
Are you a topic? Because I'd love to table you.
How long is your conference?
I hope that gavel's not the only thing you're banging.
It's not about how big your placard is, it's about how long you can keep it up.
If you're as long as the speaker's list, meet me in the bathroom.
I'll czech your republic.
It's not about how big your gavel is, it's about how hard you bang it.
My lips are weapons of mass destruction. Would you care to dismantle them?
I'd like to motion you to the floor.
I motion to have a ten-minute unmoderated caucus... in your pants.
Hey, wanna merge?
It's not the length of the caucus that counts... it's what you do with it.
I motion to enlongate the caucus.
When I think of you, I become fully vested.
I've got a precedent that's long and deep.
Is your estate subject to open?
I don't know if I have standing, but I'd love to court you.
I'll teach you about jurisdiction if we change the venue to my place. 
I think I'd be liable for negligence if I neglected to come over and talk to you.
How about coming back to my place for a little actus reus?
There is no burden of proof for how fine you are.
I love you beyond a reasonable doubt.
Let me show you my mens rea.
When I bring an ejectment action, there'll be nothing quiet about your enjoyment.
'Res ipsa loquitur', honey. Your hot body speaks for itself!
Your body is 'ultra vires', it's beyond my power to control myself around you.
Every breath you take... every tweet you make... I'll be following you.

A tweet from you is like a song from heaven!
My sudden protracted cardiac arrhythmia makes me think I'm falling for you.
(Hold out a stethoscope) Why don’t you listen to your heart and go out with me?
My adductor isn't the only thing that's longus.
I wish I was your coronary artery, so that I could be wrapped around your heart.
Trust me, this is how they did Mammograms back in the old days.
Is your name Flecainide? Because I think you just made my heart skip a beat.
Are you a pulmonary embolism? 'Cause I can't breathe when I'm around you.
(Look for any small skin imperfection) Has anyone ever looked at that? Why don’t we go back to my place so I can give you a full exam?
When you walked in the door your beauty hit me so hard that I have a priapism from all the trauma.
How about we ditch this joint and go study some anatomy?
Baby, you make me vasodilate!
No that's not an epi-pen in my pants, I'm just happy to see you.
Hey baby, wanna play with my corpus cavernosum?
That pulsation in my femoral sheath isn't coming from an artery.
I am an organ donor, need anything?
Come into my office and take off your pants.
If you go out with me, I promise I'll #FF FollowFriday you every day of the week!
I never need to see the sun again, because your tweets light up my world!
Twitter needs a fire department, because you're smokin'!

Do you have a map? Because I keep getting lost in your tweets!

What does it feel like to be the most beautiful girl on Twitter?

You must be in a wrong place... the Miss Twitterverse contest is over there.

Do you believe in love at first tweet? Or should I tweet you again?
You've got me feeling twitterpated!
Girl you're so fine, I bet you have more followers than Lady Gaga.

I may not be a genie, but I can make your tweets come true!

I could read your random thoughts all night long.

I heard you were taking apps for a new tweetheart... I'm here to apply!
I've got a stimulus package waiting for you in my pants.
The national debt isn't the only thing that's rising.
I'd love to have a discussion with you about Bush, Dick, and Colin.
If you were a president, you'd be Babe-raham Lincoln.
I'd like to get your opinion on my poll.
Baby, you have more curves than the Democrat Party line.
They call me Mao Ze DONG.
I've got a five year plan and it includes you... well, it doesn't have to be five years - one night works for me!
Let's role play - I'll be Osama… you be a cave… and I'll hide up inside you.
I motion to elongate the caucus.
You wanna play Pearl Harbor? It's a game where I lay back and you blow the hell out of me.
I think you should remove all barriers to imports? It will ease my inflation and the benefits will trickle down.
Let's make like Carnegie and horizontally integrate.
The Gettysburg Address was short, but I know something that isn't.
You may not be my First Lady, but I'll make you feel like Jackie OH!
How would you like to take a ride on Air Force One?
Baby you must be German, 'cause you sure started the battle of my bulge.
I'm like the Vietnam War - way longer than you thought I'd be.
I asked Barack Obama if you and I could get together later, and he said "Yes, you can".
I wanna do to your body what Mitt Romney does to poor people.
Do you have heat vision, too? Because you can melt my heart with just a look.
You must be made of Kryptonite because being around you makes my knees weak.
I can fly anywhere in the solar system, but only you can take me to heavan.
I think your clothes are made of Kryptonite, we’ve got to get rid of them immediately.
Hey, baby, wanna come back to my fortress of solitude?
I can see anything within miles of here, but there's nothing I'd rather look at than you.
You know, I once lifted a whole rocket into orbit. Wanna find out how high I can take you?
Excuse me, I'm from another planet. Can you teach me about human anatomy?
You know, I can hold my breath for 20 minutes...
You know, if I hold someone really close, they become invulnerable. Wanna help me find out if I can transfer any other powers?
They call me the Man of Steel. Well, at least, parts of me are anyways.
They say I can do just about anything, but I wish I had the power to look that good!
My aura can make anything invulnerable as long as I keep it really close.
As the last survivor of Krypton, I have a duty to make sure my race doesn't end with me.
Let's go back to your place and I'll show you where I keep my wallet.
Wanna go see the wonders of the world?
As it happens, the suit does come off.
Wanna see the real reason they call me the Man of Steel?
Ever wanted to see Metropolis from the air?
They say I’m faster than a speeding a bullet. Want to find out?
Did I hit you with my heat vision? Because you are on fire.
I could be anywhere on the planet 30 seconds from now... wanna come along for the ride?
I've flown right up to the surface of the sun, but that doesn't compare to what I felt when I first looked at you.
It's a good thing I've got freeze breath, because you look dangerously hot.
Are you a care package? Because you must've fallen from heaven.
Are you up for a little tactical insertion?
If I had the choice, I'd spend my 100 coins on you instead of on an extra life.
Do you have the Mirror Shield? Because I can really see myself in your tunic.
Are you wearing the Pegasus Boots? Because you've been running though my mind all day.
What's a girl like you doing in a Forest Temple like this?
You light my Deku Stick on fire.
I'm not possessed by Majora's Mask, I'm just crazy for you.
I'd better put on my Goron tunic, because you're too damn hot.
I wanna make you wetter than the Zora Temple.
You should come back to my place. My master sword needs to be polished.
You're not 18 yet? No problem, I know the Song of Time.
How 'bout you come back to my place and I show you my Longshot
Hey baby, can I buy you a potion?
Baby, I've been Z-targeting you all night.
I'd better buy a bigger bag, because you are the BOMB!
I must have defeated a boss, because I just found a heart container.
Want to fuse Kinstones? I'd bet they fit perfectly.
Are you a Deku Nut? Because you're stunning me.
I'm gonna be Bigocto this time, and I'm gonna suck you up.
You must be King Dodongo, because I really want to explode inside your mouth.
You are hotter than Din's fire.

If Princess Toadstool looked anything like you, I would have killed Bowser years ago!
I'd rather ride you than Yoshi any day.
Is that a sonic screwdriver in your pocket, or are you just happy to see me?
You've stolen both my hearts!
Would you let me be the one to open your Pandorica.
You know what they say about Time Lords with long scarves...
Come back to my place and you can call me The Master.
A cyberman couldn't delete you from my heart.
Are you a Dalek? Cause you've been rolling through my mind all night.
Baby, you just gave me Torchwood.
SEXTERMINATE!!
Are you a Tardis? Cause when I look into your eyes I feel like I'm flying around the universe.
I'd like to take you out for texting and scones.
PROCREATE!!
Why don't you come back to my place so we can have some wibbly wobbly timey wimey?
I hear you're Allon-easy.
I won't blink cause baby, you're a weeping angel.
Wanna tickle my tardis?
Are you an angel? Because I haven't blinked since I first saw your face.
You make my centurion stand at attention.
Can I stick my fish fingers in your custard?
You're so Oodiful.
Wanna come back to my place?  You can play Doctor Donna.
INSEMINATE!!
Are you a magic feather? Because my heart just grew a tail, and flew away.
I know how Mario must feel, 'cause I really want to clean your pipes.
Are you a magic mushroom? Because you are making me grow.
Are you a magic flower? Because you are burning me up.
You don't have to turn on a game to play with me.
They don't call me Super for nothing.
If you were a warp tube, I'd be in you all day.
That's not an m60 in my pants, I'm just happy to see you.
I'd catch a grenade for you... it's ok, I've got FlakJacket pro!
How many COD points does it take to unlock you?
You gave me hardened pro in just 6 seconds.
Watch out girl, my predator missile is coming at you from behind!
You just made me shoot a MOAB in my pants.
Girl, you should never pick up a ballistic vest - it would be a shame to cover up your two best attachments.
I use Full Metal Jacket for deeper penetration.
Are you using hacks? Cause as soon as you joined this lobby I got a hardened perk.
You're so hot, you warm my cold-blooded heart.
Do you like my long barrel?
If you were a map pack, I'd download you.
The odds of meeting a girl as amazing as you, are the same as the odds of hitting a no-scope shot from across the map.
All I have to do is press "X" to pick up a weapon. Does that work for picking you up as well?
I think something is wrong with my auto-aim. I can't take my eyes off you.
Let me know when you're close, so I can use my blast shield. It was a mess last time.
I would run around the world for you... without lightweight.
How 'bout we meet at Underpass and I'll Tactically insert you.
Even if you were wearing a ghillie suit, you'd still be the most beautiful girl here.
Wanna leave this lobby and go into a private match?
Getting this tactical nuke was the hardest thing I've ever done. I hope getting your phone number won't be as difficult.
Even though it would mess up my K/D ratio, I'd die a million deaths if it meant I could be with you.
What class are you using? Because when I press select, you're at the top of my list.
Do you believe in love at first sight, or should I rejoin this lobby?
Sitcky going out! Sorry, you're just that hot!
How 'bout coming back to my place and helping me work on my next montage - it won't be a Call of Duty one this time.
You wanna ride on my 'hog?
Are you impressed with how I handle my sniper? You should see what I can do with the weapon I pack under my armor.
I usually press “X” to pick up weapons. Does that work for picking YOU up as well?
I think something is wrong with my auto-aim. I can’t take my eyes off you.
Do you need a Magnum because I’ve got one right here for you. In my pants.
Are we playing Assault? Cause I’m pretty sure you are the bomb.
When I came near you, the announcer said “unfreakinbelievable”... I would have to agree.
What do you say I take my flag to your base and score?
I’m like a plasma grenade. Let me get on you and you are guaranteed to explode.
(eyeing the breast plate) I am a master dual wielder. Mind if I give those a go?
I was following the indicator of where to score and it brought me to you.
I would like to gain access to your base. Shall I enter from the front or the rear?
Are you sure you're not a tower? Because Eiffel for you.
I Ecua-dor you!
You could bounce a quarter off that asana!
You've got great posture. I'd love to see you flow sometime.
You wanna ride on my 'hog?
Are you impressed with how I handle my sniper? You should see what I can do with the weapon I pack under my armor.
I usually press “X” to pick up weapons. Does that work for picking YOU up as well?
I think something is wrong with my auto-aim. I can’t take my eyes off you.
Do you need a Magnum because I’ve got one right here for you. In my pants.
Are we playing Assault? Cause I’m pretty sure you are the bomb.
When I came near you, the announcer said “unfreakinbelievable”... I would have to agree.
What do you say I take my flag to your base and score?
I’m like a plasma grenade. Let me get on you and you are guaranteed to explode.
(eyeing the breast plate) I am a master dual wielder. Mind if I give those a go?
I was following the indicator of where to score and it brought me to you.
I would like to gain access to your base. Shall I enter from the front or the rear?
Is it hot in this Bikram studio, or is it just you?
There's nothing humble about my warrior.
Are you doing Ananda Balasana, or are you just happy to see me, baby?
That's a nice pair of yoga pants... can I talk you out of them?
Wow, you're flexible... I bet that comes in handy outside of class.
I'd let you Chataranga over me any day!
Wanna join me for some downward doggy-style tonight?
My Cobra pose isn't the only thing that's rising upward.
I can think of an activity that'll make you sweat even more than a 90 minute hot yoga class...
You must be from Prague, because I can't help but Czech you out.
Are you from South England? Cause you Brighton up my day.
Your clothes would look great on my Florence.
Would you allow me Du-bai you a drink?
Norway are you leaving without giving me your number!
I know we just met, but I Cairo lot about you.
Are you heading to India? 'Cause I'd Goa anywhere with you!
Do you mind if I sit down, cause Jamaican my heart race!
I hope you're not a monk, cause I'd love to go Tibet with you.
Are you sure you're not from South Korea? Because I know you're my Seoul-mate.
You've Mozambiqued my interest.
Irish you'd go on a date with me because you're so pretty you're Dublin my heart rate.
Everything has been so wonderful since you Cayman to my life
This wouldn't feel like a Lonely Planet if I were with you.
I'm Havana dream about you.
We Bali know each other, but I Jakarta take my eyes off you!
Hi, 'Hanoi'ce to meet you. 'Ha long' you been coming here?
You must be from Paris, 'cause you're driving me in-Seine.
Who needs a map when one can Rome freely in your beautiful eyes?
Belize me, baby, I will Peru'v my love for you at any Costa Rica.
The way our eyes were Interlaken, I knew you were the one.
What took you so long? I've been Kuwait-ing for you my whole life.
Do you have a quarter I can Bora Bora? I want to call my mom and tell her I've met the girl of my dreams.
Did you overstay your visa? Because you got 'fine' written all over you.
If you were a TSA agent, I would be happy to get a body scan.
You must be Portuguese because I could Lisbon to that accent all night long.
i want to flip your Ipswich, over Andover, Andover again.
This may not be India, but since I saw you I've felt like I'm in Lucknow
When I'm around you I can't think straight.

Do you mind if I push in your stool?

Nice butt! What time does it open?

I've never seen such a huge bulge in a man's pants... wait a minute, yes I have - mine!
Are you a burger, because you can be the meat between my buns!
F**k me if I'm wrong, but isn't your name Easy-Bottom?
I'm so GLAAD to have met you!
You know, being bi-sexual immediately doubles your chances for getting a date on a Saturday night.
Les-bi-honest... you were checking me out, weren't you?

It's a good thing same-sex marriage is legal here, because I'm already planning our wedding.

If you and I were the last men on earth, I bet we could do it in public.
Did you know that my dong is an 8.0 on the rectal scale?
May I stick a banana in your tailpipe?
Are you balding, because you sure do SHINE.
Excuse me, could you help me out? I have an incredible itch that's buried deep in my butt.
Is that a double-ended vibrator in your pocket or are you just glad to see me?

I hope you dont have tetnus cause tonight you're gonna nail me.
We're having a wiener-measuring contest over there. Do you have a yardstick that we could borrow?
I hope you're not a vegetarian, 'cause I want to feed you some meat!
I bet your license got suspended for driving all these guys crazy.
Hey there, you like glazed or creme filled?
I know you think I'm sexy, I know you think I'm fine, but just like all the other guys get a number and wait in line.
I seem to have lost my underwear, can I see yours?
Have you ever bought a vibrator? [No.] Do you want to rent one?
Do you like the Teletubbies? Because you look like Tinkie Winkie.
I'm an interior decorator. I can fill your interior.
You remind me of a Twinkie. Every time I bite into you, you cream in my mouth.
Nice pants, baby. What's the drop rate?
Your eyes are so blue, they remind me of 24 stam gems.
Do ya wanna grind?
Yeah, that's right... I'm hung like a tauren.
I've heard that you are an Epic mount.
Come on, girl... I have the blessing of protection!
Why don't you seduce me? My resistance is low.
Hey Girl, do ya wanna socket my gem?
Can I raid your molten core?
Wanna take my Swift Pink Hawkstrider for a ride?
You must be whitemane, because you just made my champion arise!
My staff can use a little enchant. I have mats and will tip!
I'm no Kobald, but you can take my candle anytime!
"Looking for Group"
My Heart is BOP and you just rolled Need
Have you ever procced flurry on a Gizmo-tron jackhammer?
Baby, being with me is like a Paladin casting Divine Shield. It'll last about 10 seconds and you won't feel a thing.
You can summon my Imp!
Are you a vendor, because I'd like to browse your goods.
Real men know how to cook.
Girl, your eyes are bluer than Heisenberg's crystal!
My love for you is 99.1% pure.
Screw Meth. Love is my drug.
Baby, the only thing clearer than this batch of crystal is the rock I'll put on your finger.
Come inside my RV and I'll show you some real chemistry.
I like your dress, but it would look better on the floor of my meth lab.
I own a carwash. Let's get dirty.
I won't call you bitch unless you want me to. -Jesse
You are the Lily to my Valley.
Girl, I'm about to explode in my pants like an improperly run meth lab.
Crystal Meth ain't got nothing on you, baby!
I'm in the DEA and I'm totally DTF. -Hank
Feelin' lonely, girl? Better call Saul!
If the trailer's a rockin', don't come a knockin'!
I'm just like the show 'Mad Men'. I'll make you wait until Sunday night, and then I'll make you scream.
I don't mind sleeping alone, but napping in my office without you is unbearable.
You don't want to get in this boys club... it wants to get in you.
Forget growing old together, let's pickle our youth in gin together.
If you really love me, you'll make me your mistress.
I'm not trying to hit on you. I'm selling you a product, and that product is me.
I'm just like Peggy Olson... Come back to my place, I've got all the ideas and will do all the work.
I'm guaranteed best on the market, voted #1 in satisfaction, and will leave you feeling refreshed, relaxed and invigorated.
Let's ignore the Surgeon General's warning together... Lucky Strike?
Hey baby, let's take a 17-month hiatus together and then pretend it never happened.
The sun's almost down. Why aren't you drunk yet?
Can I expense you a drink?
Are you a pikachu? Because you are shockingly beautiful.
Do you wanna battle? 'Cuz my balls are at the ready!
My love for you burns like a Charizard's tail.
If I were a Nidoking, you would be my Nidoqueen.
If I were a Milktank, I'd use ATTRACT on you.
Looking at your ass makes my bulba soar.
Want to register your number in my PokeNav?
Is that a Sudowoodo in your pocket, or are you just happy to see me?
I'd like to ride you like a HORSEA.
When I look at you, my Metapod can't get any harder.
You remind me of Pokemon, I just want to Pikachu.
Do you wanna play my Poke Flute?
When I'm around you, I am like a Geodude, as hard as a rock!
I've got Masterballs baby.
Do you wanna play with my Poke Balls?
I think I need a Paralyze Heal, because you're stunning.
My Pokeballs are SWIFT in your mouth.
Are you a RARE CANDY? 'cuz I feel a level-up.
If you were a Pokemon, I'D CHOOSE YOU!
Do you wanna LICKILICKY my icky sticky.
My Donphan won't ROLLOUT for you much longer.
Do you wanna see what's in my ball bag?
Do you wanna see my POLI-WAG?
Like an Umbreon, I also evolve at night.
Can I fertilize you with my sunkern?
How would you like me to use my Onix to BIND you to my bed?
My Gyarados is BIG enough for you to ride it ALL day and night.
Hey baby, wanna SPOINK?
Your more beautiful than a Beautifly.
Let's have a Togepi of our own!
Want my Caterpie to use String Shot on you?
I'd like to get in your rock tunnel.
What's your favorite move? Mine is LICK.
You'll be WEEZING after I'm done with you.
You've got the lips of a Jynx!
Can I get into YOUR Secret Base?
You make my Darkrai rise.
You remind me of Deoxys, you're out of this world.
Those are some nice HOOTHOOTS you got there.
I just want to stick it in your wooper.
The name's cock..i mean brock..wait, i said that right.
My Kadabra just used Future Sight, and it looks like we've got a future together.
How would you like to see my viridian forest, well it's not really viridian.
How about you come and see my safari zone.
Want to ride my emPOLEon?
You're such a good catch, i think i'll use my only MASTER BALL on you.
Let's make like a Super Rod and hook up.
I'm going to Hoppip into your pants.
My Shellder wants to clamp onto your Slowpoke's tail!
Squirtle isn't the ONLY one that can use water gun. - wink -
STD’s are like Pokemon baby, gotta catch ‘em all! Wanna help me out?
Do you like Pokeballs because you're about to get really close to one of mine.
I wish I was a Seaking, so I could HORN DRILL you.
Let's make RegiLove!
Want to Link your cable onto me?
I'd like to Leech my Seeds into you.
You put the "Wiggle" in Wigglytuff.
Aipom's pretty good with his hands, and so am I.
I wanna see your Squirtle squirt.
If I was a Pokemon right now, I'd be an Erectabuzz
If you were in a Pokemon Contest, you'd win first place in the Beauty/Cuteness category.
I think we're going to need Defog (HM05) before the night is done.
I'd like to Slowpoke your Cloyster.
Are you a Hitmonlee cause your body is kickin'.
My Typhlosion knows Eruption.
You make me feel like an Electrode, you give me an EXPLOSION in my pants.
You make me errupt like the Cinnabar Island volcano.
You must be a Charmander because you're getting me hot.
Lets make like the pages of this guide book and get under the covers.
Baby, I'm a Mismagius. I'll make all of your wildest dreams come true.
My Lickitung can reach deeper than you can imagine!
Don't make me use Water Gun all over you!
Are you from the Hoenn Region? 'Cuz you're the only HO I see.
I wanna Munchlax your Cloyster.
I'm a real Machamp, if you know what I mean.
How about you use REST, so i can sleep with you.
My Typhlosion knows EXPLOSION!!
You put the "Double-D" in Dodou.
I heard Meowth's not the only mischievious pussy in town.
Have you been taking lessons from a Lickitung?
Did you just FLASH(HM 05) me?
Your gonna need a HYPERPOTION by the time i'm done with you.
You put the "BONE" in Cubone.
You set my Chimchar on fire.
I'll use ROCK CLIMB in your Fortress.
My Diglett's attracted to your SWEET SCENT.
Did you use CONFUSE RAY?, cuz your making me dizzy.
Do you wanna see my NUGGETS?
I'd POUND you with my Piplup.
You make me RY-HORNY!
You just gave me a Cubone.
My Bulbasaur knows TICKLE.
I can make your Jigglypuffs sing.
I can make your Milktanks moo.
I wish you and I were Weedles, so you and I could make a Kakuna and evolve together.
Hey, I've got some legendary pokemon, do you want to touch my pokeballs to see just how legendary they are?
If you were a pokemon, you'd be a Squirtle, cause you make me wet!
Let's go make a Mewtwo of our own.
I wish I was a Magikarp, so I could use SPLASH on you!
My Exeggcute are pretty weak. Let's battle so they can get some experience.
Wanna watch my EKANS evolve?
I made you some MOO-MOO MILK, but I forgot to use my Milktank.
You make my Gyrados HYDROPUMP!
I wanna spread HONEY on your Forretress.
If I were a Ghastly, I'd seep right through your pants.
You give my Gengar that smile.
If I were a Hitmonchan, I'd Thunderpunch dat ass.
Is that a TANGELA down there?
Do you wanna see my BELL-SPROUT?
Will you use ROCK POLISH on my Pokeballs?
I wish I was an Abra, so I could TELEPORT to your bedroom.
If I were a Pidgeotto, I'd GUST your pants off.
It's a good thing that I'm a pokemon trainer and can handle your Jigglypuffs!
If I were a Clefairy, I"d DOUBLE-SLAP dat ass.
Do you have a Ditto in your pocket because I can see myself in your pants.
My Magikarp knows a little more than SPLASH if you know what I mean.
I like to compare myself with Smeargle...I'm pretty handy with a paintbrush.
I think I'm going to need a Burn Heal because you're hot.
You put the "cool" in Tentacool.
Why don't you and me go back to my gym and have a naked battle.
Do you want to help my ekans learn intercourse?
starMiE and starYU belong together do you get the message?
I want to Squirtle all over your Jigglypuffs.
I've got an Onyx, and if you come over to my place I'll show you his move Earthquake (TM 27).
I wish you were the ground and I was a Diglett so I could be inside of you.
I would eat poison berries for you.
I would love to see you again - can I get your smoke signal?
I'm really into inter-district dating.
Are you Katniss Everdeen? Because you've got my district in an uprising.
I really want to strike up a conversation, but my breath smells like blood.
Are you a post-apocalyptic teenage tribute? Cause you look like you've got survival skills.
Girl, you look like you were created by Cinna himself.
We could fall in love... or I could kill you.
Are you a tribute? Because you've been running through my arena of death all day.
Hi, I'm Haymitch. How 'bout you buy me a drink?
Hey sweetie, are you even old enough to be in this place? You don't look a day over 11.
Are you a Gamemaker? 'Cause I feel like you're in control of my fate.
Girl, you're ON FIRE!
I know I should be killing 12-year-olds while tending to my gaping flesh wound, but I had to stop by to tell you that you have absolutely beautiful eyes.
I'm sorry, I had to come over and get a better look at you - you really resemble a girl I once bludgeoned to death with a twig.
Your beauty has pierced my heart like a Morgul Blade.
I last longer than Boromir.
I wanna go inside your hobbit hole.
The fires of Mount Doom aren't nearly as hot as you are.
I'll put a ring on it!
Hey baby, wanna blow my Horn of Gondor?
I'll take your Hobbit to my Isengard.
Are you the ring? 'Cause I've got my eye on you.
I'd like to have an Inn at your prancing pony.
Are you an Orc? 'Cause baby, you're making my Sting glow.
I erupt like Mount Doom for you, baby!
Girl, you're like a Balrog - smokin' hot!
Baby, I'll make you scream like the Nazgul.
Wanna see my Hard Drive? I promise it's not small or floppy.
You give me epsilon, I'll give you Delta. Together we can find limits.
You turn my software into hardware.
If I were an enzyme, I'd be DNA helicase so I could unzip your genes.
You're hotter than a bunsen burner set to full power.
Does your v-card have a code? Because I will hack it.
Are you Full of Beryllium, Gold and Titanium? Because you are BE-AU-TI-FULL!
You must be the square root of -1, because you can't be real.
Are you less than 90 degrees, because you're acute girl.
I wish I was adenine, so I could get paired with U.
You're a photo quanta to my valence electron - you excite me to another level.
I wish I was your differential equation homework, because then I'd be really hard and you'd be doing me on your desk.
If I could make any compound, I'd make Uranium Iodide, so I could put U and I together.
You must be the square root of two, because I feel irrational around you.
it's not the length of the vector that counts, it's how you apply the force.
My hypothalamus must be secreting serotonin because I want you!
Can I be your enzyme? Because my active site is dying for a chemical reaction.
On a scale from 0001 to 1010, you're an 1011
If I was an endoplasmic reticulum, how would you want me - rough or smooth?
You're so hot you denature my proteins.
Your bosons - they give me a hadron.
I'm sure Max Planck would approve of your hot body.
Come back to my lab and I'll show you that the Big Bang isn't just a theory.
There is no cache, let's just go straight to the hard drive.
Whenever I'm near you, I undergo anaerobic respiration, because you take my breath away.
Girl, your name must be phylum, because you are above class.
Gun DAM, you are FINE girl!
Damn, girl, you must be a hollow. You make my zanpaku-to go bankai.
Sometimes my friends call me Speed Racer, because adventure’s always waiting just ahead.
If there was a hentai based on you, I’d buy it.
Why don’t we go back to my place and find my Dragonballs?
I was just checking you out from across the room with my Sharingan. I came over because I notice your chakra use is limited, and well let’s just say I really know how to get your chakra flowing.
All the nubile lolis in my harem don’t think that I’m a complete loser.
Why don't you come over to my house so we can watch a little Sailor Moon to get in the mood?
Do they make you in hug pillow?
I promise, I can always find a girls G-Force.
I carry around my dead sister’s cell phone. Wanna sleep together?
I’m having the urge to grow several penis tentacles.
There’s enough Ai in Jailbait for the both of us.
If you go out with me, I’ll treat you how I treat my Pocky. I’ll spend a lot of money on you, bring you home and finish you off within 5 minutes before I lay in bed crying myself to sleep.
You can be my Henrietta and I will be your Guiseppe.
Let’s find a quiet place to connect and form Voltron.
My extensive Master Grade Gunpla collection is just proof of my magic fingers.
Do you have a tampon I can put in my nostril? Because my nose started bleeding when I saw you.
Yamato - "you seem a bit stiff, but i still got wood"
Gaara - "Ever been shukaku'd?"
Naruto - "I've got nine tails, think you can take them all in one shot?"
Excuse me, is your name Hina? Because I think I’m in love.
When I get sad, I stop being sad.. and I be awesome instead. True Story.
This.. what you're doing here - is giving me a de-rection
I feel like I've done so much good I have a "soul boner"
Barney alllllwaaaysss gets the yes!
I physically cannot take bad pictures. I don't know why. Just ask god.
I'm Barney, I don't get smitten. I smite.
With great penis comes great responsibility
Believe it or not, I wasn't always as awesome as I am today.
Barney is single... it's what America has been clamoring for!
You're the mini-cherry on top of the regular cherry on top of the sundae of awesomeness that is my life.
It's gonna be legend-... wait for it... (and I hope you're not lactose intolerant because the second half of that word is) DAIRY!
Can I Hakkunah your ma-tatas?
You must be Cinderella, because I see that dress disappearing by midnight.

I can take you to infinity and beyond.
Call me Pooh, because all I want is you, honey.
Give me a Woody and I'll make you Buzz for light years.
One night with me, and I'll show you a whole new world.
I must be Lighting McQueen, 'cause you've got my heart racing.
Your body is a wonderland, and I'd like to be Alice.
You are part of the circle of my life.
Hey Beauty, can I introduce you to my Beast?
You don't need a spoonful of sugar to make me go down.
I'd really like to Poke-her-hontas.
Sit on my face and ask me to lie... What? You've never been Pinocchio'd?
Hey Aladdin, is that a lamp in your pocket or are you just happy to see me?
Hey Jasmine, Does the magic carpet match the drapes?
Hi, I'm Andy. Wanna play with my Woody?
I can make any fairy moan... All I need to do is Tink'er'bell.
Hey Cinderella let's see if this fits!
Can you feel the love tonight?
I'll make you want to spend more time in bed with me than Sleeping, Beauty.
Forget Aladdin, I'm thinking bout Jasmine's carpet.
Things are much better down where it's wetter.
If I were a drum I'd let you bang me all night long!
This cello isn't the only big wood between my legs.
You must be a choir director, because you make my heart sing!
Let's make some sweet music together, honey.
You can tickle my ivories anytime, baby.
I can make you hit all the high notes!
You had me at cello.
Excuse me, do you believe in premarital sax?
Would you like to play my organ?
I'd like to finger your fret board.
Flute players provide some cheap trills.
I C Major potential in us getting together.
Good boys deserve more than just fudge.
Girl, you give me a tromboner.
Save a drum, bang a drummer.
This reed isn't the only thing I can get wet.
That's a nice set of mallets you have.
Damn girl, you're lookin' sharp!
I'd love to strum your g-string
I just lost my job and may be Baroque, but that doesn't mean I can't show you a good time.
Perhaps you and your friend would like to play a trio with me?
The pads on my MPC2000XL aren't the only thing I'll be banging tonight.
My embouchure is good for more than just playing the trumpet, if you know what I mean.
I bet that flute isn't the only thing you know how to blow.
Slow down girl, you're giving me a woodwind.
You wanna grease my slide?
You must be a fourth or a fifth, because you're just perfect!
I bet we'd get into some serious Treble together.
Call me AC/DC, because I'm gonna rock you all night long!
Let's play a love game. I'll be Alejandro, you be Lady Gaga and I'll let you take a ride on my disco stick.
Composers always score.
I wish I was your derivative so I could lie tangent to your curves.
My love for you is like a concave up function because it is always increasing.
How can I know so many hundreds of digits of pi and not the 7 digits of your phone number?
I wish I was your second derivative so I could investigate your concavities.
You and I would add up better than a Riemann sum.
Hey baby, what's your sine?
I need a little help with my Calculus, can you integrate my natural log?
By looking at you I can tell you're 36-25-36, which by the way are all perfect squares.
You fascinate me more than the Fundamental Theorem of Calculus.
Are you a 90 degree angle? 'Cause you are looking right!
My love for you is like pi... never ending.
I'd like to plug my solution into your equation.
Since distance equals velocity times time, let's let velocity and time approach infinity, because I want to go all the way with you.
I am equivalent to the Empty Set when you are not with me.
I don’t like my current girlfriend. Mind if I do a you-substitution?
I can figure out the square root of any number in less than 10 seconds. What? You don’t believe me? Well, then, let’s try it with your phone number.
Hey, baby want to Squeeze my Theorem while I poly your nomial?
Hey...nice asymptote.
i'm not being obtuse, but you're acute girl.
I don't know if you're in my range, but I'd sure like to take you back to my domain.
My love for you is like y=2^x... exponentially growing.
I'll take you to your limit if you show me your end behavior.
Can i explore your mean value?
Being without you is like being a metric space in which exists a cauchy sequence that does not converge
My love for you is a monotonically increasing unbounded function
You are the solution to my homogeneous system of linear equations.
I heard you're good at algebra - Could you replace my X without asking Y?
i'll take you to the limit as X approaches infinity.
Your name is Leslie? Look, I can spell your name on my calculator!
Let's take each other to the limit to see if we converge
Let me integrate our curves so that I can increase our volume
If i were a function you would be my asymptote - i always tend towards you.
Your beauty cannot be spanned by a finite basis of vectors.
I wish i was your problem set, because then I'd be really hard, and you'd be doing me on the desk.
My love is like an exponential curve - it's unbounded
My love for you is like a fractal - it goes on forever.
My love for you is like the derivative of a concave up function because it is always increasing. we're going to assume this concave up function resembles x^2 so that slopes is actually increasing.
I hope you know set theory because i want to intersect and union you
You've got more curves than a triple integral.
Honey, you're sweeter than pi.
If you were sin^2x and I was cos^2x, then together we'd make one.
Baby, you're like a student and I'm like a math book... you solve all my 
problems!
My friends told me that I should ask you out because you can't differentiate. Do you need math help?
Wanna expand my polynomial?
You, me, here... this couldn't be any better if I programmed the holodeck myself!
Your mouth says, 'Shields up!', but your eyes say, 'A hull breach is imminent.'
I can't help it -- my eyes are trapped in the gravitational field of your breasts!

Why don't we head to my bedroom, peel back my Star Wars sheets, and discover what a true Jedi can do with his light-saber?
Honey, you've been looking for love in Alderaan places!
I may look like an Ewok, but I'm all Wookie where it counts, baby.
You're the Obi-wan for me.
You stole my heart like the rebels stole the Death Star plans.
Yoda one for me.
I usually Han Solo, but I'd let you turn on my light saber!
What's a girl like you doing in a place like this when there's a Farscape marathon on right now on the Sci Fi channel.
I've been told I have the cool sexual prowess of a Romulan.
"Urkuk lu Stalga." That's Klingon for "I love you baby."
If you think Chewbacca is hairy, wait until you see my wookie!
Once you make love to a man with Vulcan ears on you never go back.
How 'bout I slip into something more comfortable... like these STAR TREK VOYAGER pajamas!
Nice buns, Princess! On your head, that is.
Not only can I beam you aboard, I can beam you a woody.
Someone must have shot you with a phaser set on 'stunning'.

Tell me of this thing you humans call (pause) love.
Is this the Matrix? Because I think you're 'the one'.
Forgive my Kirk-like boldness, but you wanna go back to my mom's place and watch 'Dr. Who'?
Earth woman, prepare to be probed!
Nice Asimov.
That dress would look even better accelerating towards my bedroom floor at 9.8 m/s2
What do you say we use my lever to shift your center of mass?
Does your skin feel burnt? Because I think you must have just fallen down from heaven, and re-entry would have caused some problems for you.
I might be a physics major, but I'm no Bohr in bed.
Your lab bench, or mine?
Your eyes have a perfect wavelength of 563.4 nm.
Don't you hate it how the coyote always remains suspended in midair until he looks down? It's just SO misleading.
Hey baby. It's massive. You know what I'm talking about.
What's your resonance frequency?
Wanna dance? I can really put your inertia in motion.
I have E=mc2 tattooed on my ass. Wanna see?
Wanna couple our equations tonight?
Can I have your significant digits?
I haven't gotten laid in 4 years, 3 months, and 12 days, plus-or-minus 2 days. Would you care to check my error bars?
Top quark or bottom quark?
You're more special than relativity.
My last partner wasn't very stable. She spontaneously decayed last week and left me for a neutrino.
I know the spring constant for my mattress. Wanna take some data?
How do you feel about group experiments?
Like the ideal vacuum, you're the only thing in my universe.
Heisenberg was wrong. I'm certain about what you're doing tonight.
Those other guys said that your eyes shine like stars. But can they explain how they shine with equal brightness?
Even if there were no gravity on Earth, I'd still fall for you!
Let's exchange fermions!
Engineers don't know the first thing about pleasing a woman. Friction alone can't get the job done.
You and Me = Grand Unification
Why don't we measure the coefficient of static friction between me and you?
In my bed, it's perpetual motion all night long, baby.
Two large masses that are close together are supposed to radiate gravitational waves. I think that you're a big part of that.
I'm attracted to you like the Earth is attracted to the Sun - with a large force inversely proportional to the distance squared.
I'm hung like a Foucault pendulum.
If I were an enzyme, I'd be DNA helicase so I could unzip your genes.
You're so hot, you denature my proteins.
Can I be the phasor to your electron and take you to an excited state?
Are you made of Copper and Tellurium? Because you are Cu-Te
Do you have 11 protons? 'Cause you're Sodium fine!
I've got my ion you baby!
You must be gibberelin, because I'm experiencing some stem elongation.
You make my anoxic sediments want to increase their redox potential.
Hey baby, will a little more alcohol catalyze this reaction?
Didn't you know that chemists do it periodically on the table?
I bet you're like calcium bicarbonate - if I get you wet, the reaction will be explosive!
Are you made of Fluorine, Iodine, and Neon? 'Cause you are F-I-Ne
Me and you would undergo a more energetic reaction then Potassium and water.
Im more attracted to you then F is attracted to an electron.
I will fondle your vesicles while you caress my golgi body.
I want to work on your leucine zipper with my zinc fingers.
If you were oxygen, I would be an alkali metal so i could get in you and explode!
We fit together like the sticky ends of recombinant DNA.
You are the photon to my photosystem: you excite my electron until I reach my reaction centre.
You're hotter than a bunsen burner set to full power.
If I were a neurotransmitter, I would be dopamine so I could activate your reward pathway.
Hey, wanna put your alpha helix in my beta barrel?
Hey baby, why don't you get your ligase working on my okazaki fragment and lengthen my strand.
Hey, are you an alpha carbon, because you look susceptible to backside attack!
Do you want to extract some protein from my column?
According to the second law of thermodynamics, you're supposed to share your hotness with me.
Everyone knows its not the size of the vector that matters, but the way the force is delivered.
How about me and you go back to my place and form a covalent bond?
If I was an endoplasmic reticulum, how would you want me: smooth or rough?
We can make a mess as I've hired some lysosomes to clean up after.
My hypothalamus must be secreting serotonin because baby, I want you!
I wish I was an Ion so I could form an exothermic bond with you.
You’re so cute you make my zygomaticus muscles contract.
I wish I were Adenine because then I could get paired with U.
You’re like telophase, I admire your cleavage.
Hey baby, want to form a synapse with me and exchange neurotransmitters?
Hey baby, want to form a zygote?
It’s a good thing you've got evaporative cooling, cause I’m going to make you sweat
If I were a Shwann cell, I'd squeeze areound your axon and give you a fast action potential.
Want to be my substrate/enzyme?
If my right leg is the cell wall and my left the membrane, do you want to be the cytoplasm?
If you were a concentration gradient I'd go down on you.
If you were C6, and I were H12, all we would need is the air we breathe to be sweeter than sugar.
Whenever I am near you, I undergo anaerobic respiration because you take my breath away
I want to stick to u like glue-cose.
You must be the one for me, since my selectively permeable membrane let you through.
Can I be your enzyme? because my active site is dying for a chemical reaction.
You give me more jolt than a mitochondria!
Right now we’re just two RNA, but maybe we could transcribe together and become DNA.
I have a smooth endoplasmic reticulum but know that I like it rough, if you know what I mean.
I also prefer my ribosomes bound tight. Spin me round with your basal body and make sure it's turgid.
Do you like aerobic respiration as much as I do?
Do you have any tape? Because I'm totally ripped.
This elliptical isn't the only thing getting my heart rate up.

I know a fun activity that can burn 500 calories an hour...
I got stopped by a police officer on the way here. He told me it was illegal to carry these guns in public.
How'd you like to be my special push-up partner?
Do you squat here often?
I'm gonna have my 'whey' with you!
Let's do lunge.
Do you want me to spot you while you do those squats?
Do you have a band-aid? Because I'm cut!
My personal trainer told me I had to come talk to you for five minutes as part of my routine.
Do you believe in love at first set? Or should I curl this barbell another 10 times?
We should train together, I've heard it's good for bone density. And I don't just mean my skeleton.
Is your tank top felt? [No] Would you like it to be?
I hope you know CPR, because you just took my breath away! Or maybe it was the hour I spent on this treadmill.
How'd you like to go on a long romantic walk on the treadmill?
The weights in this gym just aren't heavy enough... would you mind sitting on my face while I do some crunches?
I heard that the missionary position helps men to work out the chest and triceps... do you wanna help me verify this?
Are you a boxer? [No] Well, how about getting on your knees and giving me two blows to the head?
Wanna sit on my lap while I use the rowing machine?
I wish this gym had a stationary bike built for two.
I hope you took your Flintstone vitamins today, because I'm gonna make your Bedrock!
Are you into fitness? How about fitting my thingy into your thingy?
Hi, I see that you're new to this gym, and I wanna be the first male to bother you.
If I told you that you had a beautiful body, would you share with me the training regimen you used to attain it?
I got stopped at the airport last week for trying to bring these guns onto an airplane.
Hi. The voices in my head just told me to come talk to you.
My sister can see the future. Let me give you a clue, it’s Me + You.
Am I dead? Because I think I just met an angel.
Pardon me Miss. I…uhh..hello? Dang it! She fainted again. Why can’t I stop dazzling people?
Have you been drinking, or do I intoxicate you?
I have a private island. Wanna see it?
Hi, I’m Edward. I can be the super hero or the bad guy.
I’m an addict. Will you be my heroin?
Jacob's Pick Up Lines:
I can go from furry to naked in 1.3 seconds
Will you be the mother of my puppies?
Wanna play a game? You can be Little Red Riding Hood and I’ll be the Big Bad Wolf.
So…how do you feel about dogs?
I give a whole new meaning to ‘Animal Attraction’
You look imprintable…I mean uhh..impeccable in that outfit.
Hey baby, need a mechanic for that finely tuned body?
You know what they say, right? Once you go "Black" you never go back.
You look cold. Want to use me as a blanket?
Nice Set of Floppies!
I think you could be an integral part of my project life cycle.
If you have an empty slot, I have the card to fill it.
WebMD says your love is contagious.
Hey, how 'bout I take off your cover and insert a bigger CPU.
I'd like to play on your laptop.
Where's the 'like' button for that smile?
You totally spiked my traffic.
You are the Apple of my i-Mac.
If you were an ISP I'd dial you all day long.
If you were an ebay auction, I'd totally 'buy it now'.
Come to my 127.0.0.1 and I’ll give you sudo access.
I must be using Apple maps, because I keep getting lost in your eyes.
I'd get a T3 to watch your streaming video.
I'll bet my hard drive is the biggest you've ever seen.
Your homepage or mine?
Hey Baby, Let me hack your kernel.
No, that's not an iPod mini in my pocket. I'm just happy to see you.
You auto-complete me.
I didn't mean to ogle you, but I'd sure like to Google you.
I was wondering if you'd like to go back to My-Space, so I can Twitter with your Yahoo, until I Google all over your Facebook?
Need me to unzip your files?
How about we go home and you handle my exception?
If we were connected on Linkedin, I'd endorse you all night long.
I wish you were Broadband, so I could get high-speed access.
I'd ask if you come here often, but I already stalk you on FourSquare.
Computer techs have skilled fingers if you know what I mean.
[Give the person a bottle of wine or tequila] Drink this, and then call me when you're ready.
Hi, will you help me find my lost puppy? I think he went into this cheap motel room across the street.
I'm trying to determine after years of therapy and lots of testing, whether or not I'm allergic to sex.
[Walk into her chest] "If they weren't sooo large, it wouldn't have happened!"
How much will $20 get me?
Roses are red, violets are blue, I suck at pick up lines... nice tits.
Want to spend the night at my house tonight? The couch may not pull out, but I do.
So, come back to my place, and if you don't like it I swear I'll give you a full refund.
What are you doing tonight? Besides me, of course?
Will you be my girlfrien? I left out the 'd' cause you'll get that later!
My name is Skittles... wanna taste my rainbow?
Are those pants on sale? Cause they're 100% off at my place!
I'm with the TSA and I need to perform a full body cavity search, for security reasons.
Can I be the wiener in your hotdog?
I only have 12 hours to live... please don't let me die a virgin.
I'm bigger and better than the Titantic - only 200 women went down on that vessel!
What is a nice girl like you doing in a dirty mind like mine?
What has 132 teeth and holds back the Incredible Hulk? My zipper.
With my IQ and your body, we could make a race of superchildren and conquer the earth!
I have the entire dictionary written on my dick. Want me to put some words in your mouth??
The FBI wants to steal my penis. Can I hide it inside you?
Are those space pants? Cuz your ass is out of this world!
You, Before I Wake Up From this Dream.
You're hotter than donut grease.
Your eyes are as blue as window cleaner.
Was that an earthquake or did you just rock my world?
If you were a burger at McDonalds, you'd be McGorgeous.
Are your parents retarded, 'cause you sure are special.
If you could put a price tag on beauty you'd be worth more than Fort Knox.
I must be dancing with the devil, because you're hot as hell.
I never need to see the sun again because your eyes light up my world.
If you were a steak you would be well done.
It's dark in here. Wait! It's because all of the light is shining on you.
Do you have any raisins? [No] How about a date?
Are you a kidnapper? Because you just abducted my heart.
Is your name Katrina? [No, why?] 'Cuz baby, you rock me like a hurricane!
Can you pull this heart-shaped arrow out of my butt? A damn little kid with wings shot me.
On The Phone
She/He says: "Hold on"
You Say: "Sorry, I can't hold on... I've already fallen for you."
Is your body from McDonald's? Cause I'm lovin' it!
Do you have a sunburn, or are you always this hot?
Hello. Cupid called. He says to tell you that he needs my heart back.
I’ve looked for a man with a VCR and I’ve finally found the perfect one…. thats a Very Cute Rear by the way.
Have you heard of Platform 9 and 3/4? Well, I can think of something else with the exact same measurements.
If you were a Dementor, I'd become a criminal just to get your kiss.
My name may not be Luna, but I sure know how to Lovegood!
I know we're not in Professor Flitwick's class, but you still are charming.
My love for you burns like a dying phoenix.
Being without you is like being afflicted with the Cruciatus Curse.
Hagrid's not the only giant on campus, if you know what I mean.
Your name must be Severus Severus, because you're making my prince full blood.
Interested in making some magic together? My wand is at the ready.
I must have had some Felix Felicis, because I think I'm about to get lucky.
Without you I feel like I'm in Azkaban and dementors are sucking away my soul.
I've been whomping my willow thinking about you.
If I were to look into the Mirror of Erised, I'd see the two of us together.
Did you survive the Avada Kedavra curse? Because you're drop dead gorgeous.
Your smile is like Expelliarmus. Simple but disarming.
You must be my horcrux, because you complete me.
Going to bed? Mind if I Slytherin?
You are like a bottle of Skele-Gro: You're growing me a bone.
You must be magical, because I've fallen under your spell.
I'm not wearing an invisibility cloak, but do you think I could still visit your restricted section tonight?
I'd like to get my basilisk into your chamber of secrets.
You don't even have to say "Luminos Maxima" to turn me on!
Have you been using the Petrificus Totalus spell? Because you've made me stiff.
Whaddya say you and me go look for the Room of Requirement?
Do you want to head to the Shrieking Shack? We could do some shrieking of our own.
Are you using the Confundus charm or are you just naturally mind blowing?
Come on, let's do it Hippogriff style!
One night with me and they'll be calling you MOANING Myrtle.
You can have the portkey to my heart.
Come here, I'll show you a REAL Patronus.
I'd let you handle my wand any day!
Is that a wand in your pocket or are you just happy to see me?
I heard you were in Gryffin-whore, because you let every wizard slyther-in.
I wanna stick my half-blood prince inside your chamber of secrets, and release the prisoner of azkaban to give you the deathly hallows.
Were you in Boy Scouts? Because you sure have tied my heart in a knot.

(Brush against him and say) I’m sorry. You look familiar.

(If a man is staring, go up to him and say) Well. Do you want to go out or not?

You must be a prizefighter. One look at you, and I’m knocked out.

Either my eyes need checking or you’re the best looking guy I’ve seen all week.

Here I am! What were your other two wishes?

Are you the kind of guy who can look after himself or do you need a cute girl to take care of you?

Are all the men in this place shy?

Are you funny, because I only like funny guys?

They said finding the right man would be tough, but they never said it’d be this tough

If someone were to write your biography, the climax would be you meeting me.

I’m a math teacher. One plus two equals me and you

I never do this, but I think you’re cute and I got tired of waiting for you to talk to me.

Are you smoking? (No!) Oh, yes you are!
I don't know if you're beautiful or not, I haven't gotten past your eyes yet.
68. Hi. I go down on the first date...how about you? 
69. Hi, what's a girl like you doing in a nice place like this? 
70. To a woman: Hey baby, can i tickle your belly from the inside? 
71. Do you like apples? [Yes] How 'bout I take ya home and fuck the shit 
out of ya, how'd ya like dem apples? 
72. Excuse me. Do you wanna fuck or should I apologize? 
73. Hi! Can I buy you a car? 
74. Would you like Gin and platonic, or do you prefer Scotch and sofa? 
75. I'll suck you so hard that you'll have to pick the sheets out of your 
ass when I'm finished. 
76. Will you marry me and have my children? 
(unfortunate side-effects: beware!) 
77. Inheriting eighty million bucks doesn't mean much when you have a 
weak heart. 
78. I want to thank you for [insert any event here], grab your ankles 
bitch! 
79. Ya know, if we cut your arms off, you'd look just like Venus de Milo. 
80. Hey, baby, wanna lock crotches and swap gravy?
Nice tits. Mind if I feel them?

Forget that! Playing doctor is for kids! Let's play gynecologist.

You smell. Let's take a shower together

I've gotta thirst, baby, and you smell like my Gatorade

Wanna play carnival? That's where you sit on my face and I try to guess your weight.

Want to see my stamp collection?

Want to come see my HARD DRIVE? I promise it isn't 3.5 inches and it ain't floppy.

I'd look good on you.

Ever tried those wierd prickly condoms? (sure to get responses)

Cold out isn't it? (staring at breasts)

Hey! Ya wanna try out my new 'Home Artificial Insemination Kit?'

I am writing a new algorithm, and I need some test data. What are your measurements?

Sometimes it can be helpful to start with a complement. eg. after "accidently" bumping her boobs, noticing a loose button, etc. say "If they weren't sooo large it wouldn't have happened"

I love every bone in your body - especially mine

Hi! Can I buy you a Car?

My face is leaving in 15 minutes. Be on it.

Do you know how to use this? [a vibrator]

How about the best response to an unwanted pickup? 
Man: So what do you do for a living? 
Woman: Female impersonator.

"DO YOU SLEEP ON YOUR STOMACH?" 
"NO." 
"CAN I."


